– just that it was a specialty organization. He applied for the position on a whim. The ad said "Wanted – young, thin white males who enjoy outdoor activities." So he had put in an application. And here he was. It wasn t long before his dream came true.
 
 He loved being outdoors, but that wasn t all. He loved the thrill of being with a group of guys and having them do what they wanted to him. He loved knowing he couldn't stop them – that there was no way out, even if he tried. And when the day came that he finally got his chance to be with them, it felt wonderful!
 
 That was why he knew what had to happen next. It wasn t easy for Jim to go through with this. He had been living on the edge of danger since he took this job. But now it was time to step over the edge and into their arms.
 
 They were all waiting for him in his apartment, and he didn't know how long they had been there before he got back from work. When he came in the door, he found that they had set up camp inside his place. They had brought in tents and sleeping bags. There were little camp stoves everywhere and a fireplace too. It was almost like being out of doors, except for one thing – there were no girls to be seen.
 
 Jim didn't know what to do. He felt so alone! Then he saw them all standing around the fireplace, smiling at him. He knew right away that this was it! This was his chance!
 
 The next few minutes passed in a blur. They took turns sitting on his lap and rubbing their butts on his crotch. There were so many of them, and they had such big cocks, and he loved having all those hands and cocks all over him! He didn't even know how it happened – one minute he was sitting in the chair, naked, with a few guys sitting on him; then suddenly they had spread his legs apart, taken his dick out, put it into his mouth, and started to jack it off.
 
 That's when Jim really got excited! He could see that this was going to be a wild time! They all took turns sucking on his cock and stroking their hard dicks. They were so hot! Each guy would take a turn, getting into Jim s mouth or letting Jim have a taste of him first before he let go. It drove Jim crazy!
 
 After each round of sucking and jacking off, the next man in line came forward to fuck him. He couldn't wait for it! As soon as one guy got on top of him and started pounding his ass, another one would come behind him and put a cock in Jim s mouth. Then there were three cocks going into his holes at once. It felt so good!
 
 Each time they took turns fucking or sucking him, he could feel the hardness inside each cock as it slid into his hole. He knew what was coming next. They had been waiting for this moment since the day he joined them. And now they were going to make sure that he never forgets it!
 
 Jim didn t know how long he had been fucked by all these guys. All he knew was that he wanted more. So much more... He loved being fucked so hard that his cock would explode out of his body and land somewhere nearby. It felt so good when their big cocks stretched open his tight little hole!
 
 But then they started to change things up a bit. They took turns fucking him from behind while one guy knelt down on the floor in front of Jim's face. He put his cock in between Jim s lips and told him to suck it hard as he pounded away at Jim s ass from behind. And so the two would go back and forth, with each man having a turn to fuck or suck Jim out while they did their thing from behind. It felt so good!
 
 Then something happened that made Jim really happy... The last guy in line came forward with his cock in his hand and shoved it into Jim's mouth. He told Jim that he was going to let him have a taste before he fucked him again. And then he did just that! It felt so good when those hard cocks were fucking his ass while his lips were wrapped around another guy s cock!
 
 But before they knew what had happened, it was over. They all sat down on the floor together and started to eat pizza and drink beer. Jim joined them too and told them how much he loved being with them like this. He said that he wanted to do this every day if possible. The guys smiled at him as if they knew something special was coming up next.
 
 And sure enough... After the meal was over, one of them took out a bottle of whiskey and handed it around for everyone to drink from. They all drank down their shots without even thinking about it. Then another guy came forward with a box in his hand and opened it up in front of them. He pulled out several condoms and said that it was time to go camping!
 
 All the guys cheered loudly as they heard this news. Jim loved it too because he knew exactly what that meant... They were going to be fucking him again tonight! And he couldn't wait for it!