 still far enough away so as not to be seen as too clingy.

We sat at the table and the waiter came over to take our drink orders. Hannah said she wanted a glass of red wine and I asked for a beer. Then, as he walked away, she said “Oh my god…did you just ask for a beer?”

“Yeah,” I said. “Did you want me to ask for champagne? That would have been okay, right?”

“No, it’s not that,” she said. “It’s just that it seems like the kind of thing you might order when we go out with your friends or something. But in this situation…”

“What? I only drink beer on special occasions.”

She laughed. “I know. It’s not a big deal, really.”

It was then that the waiter came back and asked if we were ready to order dinner. And for the next 10 minutes, we ordered food from a menu with more expensive options than I was accustomed to. We ended up ordering $60 in appetizers alone.

I don’t like going out to eat. It’s not that I can’t afford it, but rather that it seems like such a waste of money. So when Hannah asked if we could go out for dinner on our third date, I thought this would be an opportunity to make her feel comfortable around me again.

But as soon as she saw how much money we were spending at the restaurant, she started getting nervous and said things like “Oh my god…did you just ask for a beer?” or “What? I only drink beer on special occasions.” She seemed confused by why someone would order something so expensive when they weren’t trying to impress anyone else in their group.

I tried explaining that it was just the kind of thing I do when I go out with my friends, but she didn’t buy it at all. She kept saying things like “But this isn’t your friends! It’s our date!” and “It feels like you’re trying to impress me.”

We ended up eating our meals in silence before paying the check (which came out to $200 total) and walking home together without saying another word. I don’t think we’ve spoken since then either…even though it was only three days ago that we went on our third date!