ure Light of the Eternal Divine. In front, a great river gushed from the mountain and plunged into the deep blue sea below.

As the young warrior walked, he felt an awesome sense of power surging through him and then heard in his mind a voice he had never heard before. “Welcome to Avalon.”

The man turned his head sharply to look behind him but saw nothing except the green, verdant, lush expanse of the valley below the mountain’s peak and then back up at the snowy cliffs above. He knew, though, that something had spoken, something mysterious, something powerful. And he felt an instantaneous sense of trust, as if he had always known this voice and could rely upon it completely.

“Come,” the voice said again. “Follow me.”

The warrior strode across the mountain to where a large cave yawned open in its side. He entered the dark chamber and walked deeper and deeper into its interior until he emerged into another valley, but this one was filled with thick white clouds that obscured the landscape from view. The man could see nothing ahead of him, even though he knew he had to walk forward, no matter how much the fear clawed at his heart and mind.

“This way,” came the voice again.

The warrior followed it until he heard a rumble of thunder and a flash of lightning and then saw a doorway in front of him. He could barely make out an outline of the frame, but it beckoned to him so he strode toward it and felt his hand touch it. The man pushed on the door, which was thick stone, and felt it give way, opening into a room filled with flickering candlelight. As he gazed about, he saw that the room was enormous, with stone walls and vaulted ceiling, but there were no doors to be seen other than the one through which he had just passed. There were no windows in this chamber, either.

“Welcome,” came a voice from within the shadows of the great hall. “I am Merlin.”

“I am Sir Galahad.”

The great wizard stepped forward out of the darkness and into the light of the candles flickering on the stone ledges lining the walls of the cavernous chamber. He was tall, thin, with long white hair and beard. His eyes glowed blue and his robes were white with a hint of gold.

“I have come,” said Galahad. “For the Grail.”

“You have come for more than that,” Merlin replied.

“I have come to find my place in this world, as I’ve never been able to before.”

The wizard nodded. “Come sit with me. Tell me your tale. You will not be disappointed. Come now. Sit beside me at the round table and tell me all that has led you here.”

Galahad did as he was bid. He took his seat, and then Merlin began to speak.

“You come from a line of knights,” said the wizard, “a family whose blood runs blue with the blood of those who have died in defense of all that is good, pure, and true. Your father, King Pellinore, was born into a time when there were still some people living on Earth who knew about magic. They had learned how to use it for the benefit of all mankind. But then came the Dark Age, when the magicians went underground, hiding from those who sought their knowledge and power, for they knew that if their secrets fell into the wrong hands, all of humanity would be in peril.”

Galahad nodded. He had heard this story before, many times. It was a familiar tale to him. He had grown up listening to it as he sat around the fireplace with his father and brothers, listening to their adventures and deeds of valor. He had longed for the day when he would be old enough to join them in battle against evil forces that threatened their land and all those who lived there.

“And so your father left you,” continued Merlin, “so that you could live among the people of this world and learn about them and what makes them tick.”

Galahad nodded again. He understood. This was why his father had chosen to leave him behind when he went off into exile after being defeated in battle. But Galahad knew that his father was not really gone; he was still there, somewhere deep inside him.

“You were raised by good people,” said Merlin, “people who loved you and wanted only the best for you. And now it’s time for you to go forth into the world and fulfill your destiny.”

Galahad felt a knot of tension tighten in his stomach. He knew what this meant. It meant that he had come here, to Avalon, because he was about to embark on an epic journey, one filled with danger and peril but also one where he would find himself tested by the many challenges along the way.

“I am ready,” said Galahad firmly. “Where do I begin?”

Merlin smiled softly. He knew what it took for a man to step forward into the unknown, and yet he had faith in this young knight and his ability to succeed where others before him had failed.