 have a rescue pod.

The occupants of my life pod? Oh, that 's me and my husband of five years. He's sleeping at the moment, snoring like an old bear, while I stare out at the stars. So far we've traveled through empty space for six hours, but it feels more like a lifetime.

The ship was supposed to be able to handle the jump in space and time to this distant world. The ship was supposed to be able to survive the harshness of the world, the deadly atmosphere and acidic oceans that would boil any unprotected skin. And yet here we are, stranded on an alien world.

My husband and I have been on three expeditions before this one. Each time it 's been a different species, a different planet and a different disaster. We've met all sorts of aliens, most of them intelligent to some extent or another. And each time we had a rescue pod ready to take us back home, after spending weeks, months or even years with our new alien friends.

We've only ever had one failed expedition in the past, and that was because of a ship malfunction that sent the whole crew off into oblivion. It wasn 't my fault, nor my husband's, and we weren 't to blame for those who died. The captain gave us both commendations for bravery and heroism. But now I feel like our luck has finally run out.

This expedition was meant to be an easy one, and if not for that malfunction it would have been. This world is close enough that a rescue pod will make it here in time, but the ship is in pieces. The captain decided we should stay behind, safe on this world until the rescue pod arrived. We were supposed to stay together, safe and sound, until the rescue team came to pick us up.

I still feel him with me though he 's in my life pod. I can feel his warmth through our joined hands. It's a strange thing to be stranded on an alien world without my husband, yet we both know he'll be safe. For now. The rescue team will reach us within minutes, and then everything will be fine. We 'll have food and shelter, and medical attention for anyone who needs it.

The stars are beautiful tonight as they shine down on me. I hope the stars above look just as beautiful from our home planet. Perhaps some day I'll return to Earth and live out my life there. It feels strange though, knowing that I 've spent more time away from Earth than I have spent here.

I feel bad for not telling you what happened, but I can't stand the thought of being separated from him right now. If you're reading this then he must be dead or injured and won't be able to make it back. I'm sorry.