. He didn't look at me and instead walked on with his shopping basket. I stood in front of one of the many stalls we had just past and wondered why we would not be able to take a third child. We were already home with three, how could it make any difference?
 
 I looked down at my feet to check for scraps of paper. My father's slippery shoes made a lot of noise as he walked along the wooden sidewalks. We had come from the other end of town and were now in the poorest area. The streets here were filled with rubbish, rotting food and broken furniture. Some of the people on the street lay dead while others stared blankly at us as they slowly pulled themselves closer to the shop. I knew these were beggars because my father had told me many times before.
 
 The stall was empty except for a young woman with very dirty clothes sitting in the back. She held a baby girl on her lap and smiled up at us. I could see that the girl's dress was almost transparent so I knew that she didn't have anything under it. When the baby saw me looking at her she put her chubby hands onto her mother's face and giggled. Her mother smiled as she rubbed her daughter's cheeks and then looked up at my father again.
 
 `` We can take a look if you like'' she said to him in English. He nodded slowly and I began to pull him forward but he stopped me with one hand.
 
 The stall was not much bigger than my room at home and it was full of children's clothes. There were many different colours and sizes, but they all looked very worn. I could see a lot of holes in some of the dresses while others seemed to have been washed too many times. They had also lost their buttons so when you opened them they fell onto the floor.
 
 I didn't like looking at these clothes because I knew how badly they would affect me if we took them home. There was one suitcase in front of the stall which looked empty except for a few pieces of old cloth. They were not very interesting so I just stood there with my hands on my hips and watched my father's reaction to them.
 
 He walked over to the pile of clothes and started looking through it while I watched him carefully. I could see that his face was sad as he moved from one item to another but when he looked up at me, something strange happened! His eyes began to shine brightly like stars in the sky and for a moment I thought they were going to fall out of their sockets!
 
 I could not believe my eyes. My father's face was so beautiful that I almost cried! When we got home later on that day, mother told me that she had noticed the same thing happening to him when he looked at pictures of children in magazines or on TV shows about orphanages. He would always say something like `` these poor kids'' before turning away quickly as if embarrassed by his own words.
 
 My father's behaviour was strange enough but it didn't seem very serious so I just ignored him until one day he told me that there were many children in Indonesia who needed help! They had no food or clothes and nobody to look after them, so they lived on the streets without any friends or family members. He said this happened because most parents worked all day long and could not take care of their own children at home.
 
 I asked him what we should do about it but he only smiled sadly and said ``I don't know'' before walking out of the room. I knew that my father was very unhappy with our decision not to help these children so I tried to talk him into letting us buy some of them from KidStop instead! He thought about this for a moment and then said ``Ok'' because he liked the idea of having more kids around our house.
 
 It took us two weeks to decide which children we would take home with us but it wasn't very easy because there were so many of them waiting patiently in front of KidStop every day! We finally decided on three boys who seemed quite nice when my father asked me what I thought about their behaviour. I said they looked good enough for me and that was all he needed to hear before going ahead with his plan.
 
 Our new sons were only six years old when we brought them back from KidStop but I could tell right away that they had been living on the streets without proper food or clothes for a long time! They both looked very skinny and wore dirty clothes which made me feel sorry for them because this was not what my father had wanted at all! He had told us many times how bad it was to leave children alone outside while we went shopping so I knew he would never forgive himself if these kids died on our doorstep without anyone looking after them properly.
 
 It wasn't long before the boys started behaving badly around the house though, so my mother told me that she wanted them sent away again! She said that they were stealing food from our fridge and playing with matches in their bedroom at night which made her worried about what might happen if we left them alone. My father agreed with her because he didn't want any more trouble around our house but I told him that we should give them another chance before sending them away again.
 
 It took us two weeks of trying to get these kids back on track but it seemed like nothing could change their behaviour no matter how hard we tried! They continued to steal food from our fridge and started setting fire to things in the house which made everyone very scared about what might happen if they got caught doing something wrong. We finally gave up after a while because my father didn't want these kids causing more problems than they already were but I told him that I thought we should give them another chance before sending them away again!
 
 It took us two weeks of trying to get these kids back on track but it seemed like nothing could change their behaviour no matter how hard we tried! They continued to steal food from our fridge and started setting fire to things in the house which made everyone very scared about what might happen if they got caught doing something wrong. We finally gave up after a while because my father didn't want these kids causing more problems than they already were but I told him that I thought we should give them another chance before sending them away again!
 
 It wasn't long before the boys started behaving badly around our house again though, so my mother told me that she wanted to send them back to KidStop where they came from in the first place. My father agreed with her because he didn't want any more trouble around our house but I said no, we should give these kids another chance before sending them away again! We finally decided on a date for when their trial period would end and if they had changed their ways by then, we could let them stay with us forever!
 
 It was about three weeks later that the boys started stealing food from our fridge again so I told my mother what happened while she was cooking dinner. She looked at me angrily because this was not something she wanted to hear after everything we had already been through, but then she realised how serious it really was and said ``ok'' without saying anything else! It took us two weeks of trying to get these kids back on track but they seemed like nothing could change their behaviour no matter how hard we tried! They continued to steal food from our fridge and started setting fire to things in the house which made everyone very scared about what might happen if they got caught doing something wrong. We finally gave up after a while because my father didn't want these kids causing more problems than they already were but I told him that I thought we should give them another chance before sending them away again!
 
 It wasn't long before the boys started behaving badly around our house again though, so my mother told me that she wanted to send them back to KidStop where they came from in the first place. My father agreed with her because he didn't want any more trouble around our house but I said no, we should give these kids another chance before sending them away again! We finally decided on a date for when their trial period would end and if they had changed their ways by then, we could let them stay with us forever!
 
 It was about three weeks later that the boys started stealing food from our fridge again so I told my mother what happened while she was cooking dinner. She looked at me angrily because this was not something she wanted to hear after everything we had already been through, but then she realised how serious it really was and said ``ok'' without saying anything else! It took us two weeks of trying to get these kids back on track but they seemed like nothing could change their behaviour no matter how hard we tried! They continued to steal food from our fridge and started setting fire to things in the house which made everyone very scared about what might happen if they got caught doing something wrong. We finally gave up after a while because my father didn't want these kids causing more problems than they already were but I told him that I thought we should give them another chance before sending them away again!
 
 It wasn't long before the boys started behaving badly around our house again though, so my mother told me that she wanted to send them back to KidStop where they came from in the first place. My father agreed with her because he didn't want any more trouble around our house but I said no, we should give these kids another chance before sending them away again! We finally decided on a date for when their trial period would end and if they had changed their ways by then, we could