weat was beading on my forehead. The summer heat had finally caught up with me and it wasn’t even June yet.

The only thing that made walking home more bearable were the large trees that lined the road. I was thankful that I didn’t live in a house like most of my co-workers did. Their commutes were longer, but they had the luxury of air conditioning and a garage to park their cars in.

I pulled out my keys. I pressed the button on my keychain to unlock the front door of my apartment.

*Damn. * I swore under my breath when I realized that I forgot something in the office and had to go back for it. The summer heat made me want to curl up in a ball and die.

I entered the building, passed by my co-worker’s offices, and went to the elevator at the end of the hall. It was empty, so I pressed the button that would take me down to the lobby. As I waited for the elevator to arrive, the phone in my office began to ring. I didn’t have time to answer it now, but when I got back upstairs I could…

The elevator doors opened and I entered the car. The doors closed behind me, and before they did I saw a familiar face standing in front of them. It was my co-worker, Tim. He waved at me and gave me a thumbs up.

*What’s with this guy? * I wondered as I pressed the button for the lobby on the panel next to me. The elevator descended downward at what seemed like an impossibly slow speed.

I looked out through the glass doors and saw Tim standing there, waving his arm up and down, as if he was trying to get my attention. I smiled at him. He smiled back at me, then held two fingers to his temple. I knew exactly what he meant; he wanted to have a chat with me when we got downstairs.

*Okay, whatever. * I thought to myself as the elevator continued to descend downward.

When it finally arrived at its destination I got off and walked towards Tim. He smiled at me again, then started to walk away without saying anything.

I stopped him by grabbing his arm. “Tim? What’s up?”

He turned around to face me with a puzzled look on his face. “Um… what do you mean?”

*This guy is so weird * I thought as Tim continued to stare at me with no expression on his face. I decided to cut the crap and get straight to the point, because Tim wasn’t making any sense at all right now.

“Tim, what do you want? You seem like you have something on your mind.”

“Um… yeah, actually,” he said with a nervous laugh. “I was wondering if you could help me with something?”

*This guy is so freakin’ weird * I thought as I stared at him with an expression of confusion on my face. He continued to stare at me with no expression on his own face.

“Sure, what is it?” I asked.

“Well… um… I was wondering if you could help me get something from my apartment.” Tim said. “I forgot it and I need it for a project that I’m working on.” He paused for a few seconds before continuing to speak. “So, do you want to come over with me?”

*This guy is so freakin’ weird * I thought as Tim continued to stare at me without any expression on his face. He continued to stare at me with no emotion whatsoever while I tried to figure out exactly what was going through his head.

I stared back at him, puzzled by the whole situation. “Okay,” I said after a few seconds of silence. “What do you need?”

“My laptop charger,” Tim replied as he pointed to it in the corner of our office. “It’s on my desk over there.” He then turned around and started walking away without another word.

I stood there for a moment, wondering what just happened before following him down the hall towards his apartment. As I walked behind him towards his door I couldn’t help but think how weird this whole situation was. There is no way that Tim wanted me to come over with him; he just had to have something from his place for work and needed my help getting it.

I opened the door, entered the apartment, and found myself in a room filled with bookshelves on all four walls. There was a desk against one wall with a computer on top of it. The charger was sitting next to the monitor. I picked up the charger, plugged it into my laptop and started walking out towards Tim’s car when something caught my eye…

It was Tim standing there in front of me, staring at me without any expression on his face. I stared back at him for a few seconds before he finally broke out into a smile. He then grabbed the charger from my hand and said, “Thanks! You can come over with me next time if you want.”

*This guy is so freakin’ weird * I thought as Tim walked away without another word. I stared at him for a moment before walking towards his car myself; this whole situation had left me feeling a bit awkward.