ed and I had nowhere to stay, so my buddy and I took to the highway to try to find a place to rest our heads.

After driving around for an hour we were both exhausted and decided to pull into a cheap motel on the outskirts of town. We pulled in and there was no one at the front desk or anywhere in sight, so we walked up to the room. The door was unlocked. I stepped inside and it was disgusting! Old bedding, stains everywhere, just plain nasty. So my buddy decided to give it a shot. It took him five minutes but he did manage to get into his bunk bed. I on the other hand could not fit in my bed at all, so we gave up on the room and walked out.

My friend tried to use his phone to find us another place to stay, but his battery was dead, so I took my phone out of airplane mode and dialed a nearby hotel. The first thing the lady on the other end says is “I am sorry sir but we are full” with a very fake sounding smile. So I hung up and tried calling another one, same result. Then another, again, same result. After the fifth try she finally picked up.

“Hello?”
“Hi my name is ________, I was just wondering if you had any available rooms.”
“I am sorry sir but we are full” with a very fake smile on her face.
“But what about a room without any people in it? What if the rooms are booked but there’s no one staying in them?” I said while trying to be as polite as possible, because the lady on the other end of the line was not exactly nice to talk to.
“Sir you can call us back in an hour if a room opens up.” She said with her fake smile still on her face.
I knew she wasn’t going to help me so I hung up and called another hotel. This time the person picked up immediately, but they were booked as well, and told me that if I wanted to check back in an hour or two they might have an opening, but she also warned me that this was a small town with no other hotels and people were checking out early due to the mountain passes closing.

I decided not to take any chances and call every hotel in a fifty mile radius of town. They were all full. This trip was already going south so I took my phone, wallet, keys and blanket off me and just laid down on the floor with my head on my pillow. I had nothing left to do but wait until morning or find another way out of this situation.

I woke up an hour later and it was still dark outside. I pulled myself up by the door frame and tried to stand but ended up falling back down because of a sharp pain in my stomach. I got up again and went over to the window and looked around. There was no one on the streets, not even police or ambulances.

I slowly walked out into the hallway and peered down both sides. It seemed as if no one was on any of the floors because it was completely quiet and no lights were on. I didn’t really care about all this because there were a lot of people staying in these rooms, so why wouldn’t they be awake? Maybe they were just tired or something, but still it was very odd not to hear any movement at all, so I started to walk down the hallways and look into every room.

Every door was open except for two that had been shut by someone else before me. The first one I looked into was empty except for a woman sleeping on her bed, naked with only sheets over her. It didn’t make sense why this person would be in such a dirty room, so I walked out and tried the other door which opened into an empty hall. There were two doors at both ends of the hallway and I went through them. Both were completely empty except for one door that had been closed by someone else before me.

I couldn’t see anything when I looked in it because there was no light on, but I could hear voices coming from inside so I opened up the door and walked right into a huge ballroom with hundreds of people dancing around on the floor to a band playing music. I felt like an idiot for being so scared to find out what had happened here, but at least now it all made sense as to why there were no lights on in any room or hallway. The band stopped playing and everyone sat down at their tables. They looked up at me and stared in silence until one of them got up and started walking towards me with a smile on his face.

The man was about fifty years old, wearing an expensive looking suit that was covered in blood stains. He stopped right in front of me and smiled again before speaking to me. “Hello my name is _______, nice to meet you.” He said with a voice like he had been talking for hours on end. I just nodded my head and looked him up and down because he seemed very interested in who I was, but there was nothing about his appearance that made me feel threatened or suspicious at all.

“My name is ________, nice to meet you.” He said as if we had known each other for years, which didn’t make sense at all because this place felt like it was from another century or something. “Where are you from?” I asked him before asking any more questions about where he came from and what happened here.

“I am from ________, but I have traveled across the world many times. Do you want me to tell you a story? I will make it very interesting.” He said with another smile on his face as if we were old friends or something. “What kind of stories do you like?” I asked him before taking a seat at one of the tables nearby where all these people had been sitting earlier when they were dancing around.

“I like stories that make sense, but only if they are interesting enough.” He said as he sat down next to me and started telling his story which was about how he killed his entire family before moving on to other things including how the police tried to arrest him after finding out what had happened. “What do you want to know?” I asked him before I realized that there were other people listening in on our conversation, but they didn’t seem like anyone who could help me so I decided to ask my question again.

“Where are we now?” He said as if he already knew the answer and had been waiting for me to ask this specific question since the beginning of our conversation. “We are at ________, where everything has changed.” He said before taking another sip from his drink, which seemed like it was made out of blood or something similar to it.

“What do you mean?” I asked him as if he hadn’t already explained himself clearly enough in his story. “This is not the real world anymore, this is a new one that was created by me.” He said with another smile on his face before taking another sip from his drink and finishing it off completely.

“So what now?” I asked him as he stood up and walked over to the band playing music again. They stopped right when they saw him coming towards them which made sense because their song was almost over anyway, but still it felt strange seeing these people stop playing just like that without any warning at all. “I have been waiting for you ever since I met you.” He said as he sat down in front of the band and started talking to them about something that had nothing to do with me or where we were right now.

I decided not to bother him anymore because he seemed like a very interesting person who had done some terrible things but was still able to stay sane despite all those horrible events happening around him, which made no sense at all since everyone else here was completely insane and only interested in hurting me in some way or another.

I left the ballroom after that because I didn’t want any more trouble from this person, so I just walked out of the building where I found my car parked right outside with its lights on for no reason whatsoever. When I got inside there was a piece of paper sitting next to me on my seat which read “If you ever get lost again just come back here and wait for me.”

I thought about it but decided not to because there were too many weird things going on around here that made it very hard for me to trust anyone at all. So I started driving away from this place until I reached an intersection where two highways met each other before splitting off in different directions again, so I took the first road on my left and ended up back at home where everything was normal once more.

## More Horror Short Stories

- Short Story / Horror
- Short Story / Horror
- Short Story / Horror
- Short Story / Horror
- Short Story / Horror
- Short Story / Horror
- Short Story / Horror
‹ ›