aze. In this day and age, people were only sentenced to death for treason or crimes against humanity, both of which applied in my case.
 
 I had tried to blow up the White House with a truck full of fertilizer bombs. Unfortunately for me, the bomb went off before I could get near it, blowing a hole through the side of the building and killing every man, woman, and child who was in the vicinity at that moment. I knew this because I had just checked my watch to see if I was on schedule when I heard the explosion. The truck also exploded, throwing me several feet into the air before slamming back to earth in a cloud of dust.
 
 A couple of Secret Service agents shot me after I tried to kill them and President Clinton.
 
 `` You are one sick puppy,'' said the agent who was trying to handcuff me.
 
 My attorney, Michael McKeever, sat in front of me on the bench as the judge listened to a prosecutor read a list of my charges.
 
 The first charge was treason. I had tried to kill the President of the United States, which is an act of treason if you are not a natural born citizen. As I was born in the Congo, that was my crime. It did not matter that my mother was a U.S. Citizen or that I have lived here for thirty-one years and paid taxes every year during those years.
 
 The second charge was terrorism. Terrorists are to be executed. That is the law in this country, though some countries have stricter laws for terrorists than others.
 
 The third charge was attempted murder of a Presidential candidate. That made it an act of treason as well, but the government wanted to make sure I was not going to get off by saying I did not know Clinton was a presidential candidate. I also wanted to get off, so it served its purpose.
 
 The fourth charge was that I had tried to blow up the White House with a truck full of fertilizer bombs. It was this charge that put me in prison for life, as my sentence could not be commuted or overturned on appeal. If I had not tried to kill everyone at the White House, they would have sentenced me to twenty years and let me out early if I was a good prisoner.
 
 The prosecutor continued with the list of charges until he finally got to the last one.
 
 `` The defendant is also charged with being an asshole,'' he said. He pointed to a document on his desk, then turned back to face the judge.
 
 `` Your Honor, I have a list here of all the asshole things this defendant has done in his life and a list of witnesses who can tell you about them.''
 
 I looked at my attorney, who was smiling. It seemed to me that he had something to do with getting those charges added. McKeever could get people off for murder if they were willing to pay enough money, but it would take a miracle to get me off when the President of the United States wanted me dead.
 
 The prosecutor turned back to his list and started to read. I was not listening because he was going to tell about how I had broken into someone's house once while they were sleeping. They called the cops, so I ran away and hid in a sewer until the cops left. When I came out of hiding, I found my bike had been stolen, but it didn't matter because I was in trouble anyways.
 
 I looked at McKeever, who was nodding his head as if he thought this was funny. He knew about that too, and the fact that the house belonged to an old woman who died of a heart attack two years later after she tripped over her cat while trying to run from me. Her family had blamed it on my breaking into their home, though I hadn't done anything to hurt them or cause any problems for anyone else either.
 
 The prosecutor kept reading until he got to the end of his list and then stopped for a moment before turning back toward me.
 
 `` Your Honor,'' said the prosecutor in an angry voice, `` this man is one of the most dangerous assholes I have ever seen.'' He paused again before continuing with more anger in his tone. `` He should be executed so that we can all feel safe again.'' The prosecutor turned and faced me once more as he said these words to me directly.
 
 `` Mr. Jackson, you are one of the most despicable human beings I have ever met. You deserve nothing but a slow and painful death. This is your last chance to tell us how sorry you are for what you did, so that we can all feel better about ourselves.''
 
 The judge looked at me for a few moments before saying anything. I knew he was going to ask me some questions because there were several questions on the list of charges that had not been read yet and they would require an answer from me if I wanted them to be dropped or lessened in some way.
 
 `` Mr. Jackson, what do you have to say for yourself?'' said the judge as he leaned forward in his chair with his hands clasped together on top of a large pile of papers that were sitting on his desk.
 
 I looked at McKeever, who was smiling again and shaking his head. He wanted me to tell the truth, which is that I was not sorry for what I had done. I would have told him so if he hadn't been there in court with me because it would be a crime to lie under oath.
 
 `` Your Honor, I am not sorry for anything,'' said McKeever as he stood up and started walking toward the judge's bench before turning back around to face me again. `` The only thing I regret is that Mr. Jackson was ever born.''
 
 The prosecutor was not happy with what McKeever had just said. He stood up and started walking toward me while screaming at his partner.
 
 `` You dumb son of a bitch!'' yelled the prosecutor as he pointed at me with an angry look on his face, but I could not hear anything because there was another loud noise coming from somewhere behind him. The room was full of people who were watching everything that was happening in court and it seemed like they were all talking at once as they tried to figure out what had just happened.
 
 `` What's going on?'' I asked McKeever with a puzzled look on my face because he looked really scared for some reason. He did not answer, but kept his eyes focused on the judge instead of me or anyone else in court.
`` There is no more time,'' said Judge Brown as he stood up and started to walk away from us. `` This case will be heard next week.''
 
 I looked at McKeever who was standing behind me with a look of panic on his face, then turned back around toward the judge who had just said those words before walking out of court with everyone else following after him except for two guards who were still holding onto my arms. They pulled me away from the other people who were staring at them with confused looks on their faces and forced me to sit down again as they led me out of the courtroom.
 
 I was taken back into a small room where there were only two chairs sitting next to each other near one wall that had windows that looked out onto an empty street outside which was covered with snow like everything else in Washington D.C. It was about ten o'clock at night so it was dark, but the light from inside the courthouse made it easy to see what was happening around us without having to look at anything too closely or pay attention for any long period of time because there were not very many things worth looking at anyway.
 
 I sat down in one chair with my hands resting on my knees as McKeever sat down next to me in another chair which looked like it had been made by someone who was either really small or really tall.
``What's going on?'' I asked again because there were too many things happening all at once for me to understand what was actually going on, but no one said anything as they kept staring at each other with a look of confusion on their faces instead of answering my questions.
 
 It felt like forever before anyone spoke up again which made everything worse than it already was because I could not figure out what was happening or why everyone had suddenly stopped talking and started acting like everything around us had become silent overnight without warning or explanation which meant that there must have been something really wrong going on if no one could explain anything at all, but there was nothing wrong with me either so why should I care about what they were doing?
 
 ``I'm sorry,'' said McKeever after he finished talking for a few more minutes before standing up and walking away from me while the two guards stayed behind to make sure that I did not try anything stupid like running out of the room or fighting back in any way shape or form because they knew what would happen if someone tried something like that, but I had no plans on doing anything like that either.
``You should be too,'' said McKeever as he walked away from me toward the door with one of his hands on the knob before turning back around to look at me for a few more minutes before leaving me there alone in the room without any explanation or warning whatsoever about why they were leaving me there by myself, but I did not care because I knew that there was nothing wrong with me anyway so why should it matter if