3 years ago. My fingers were covered in blood from where they had made contact with my stumpy fingertips. They looked like they had been chewed on by some sort of animal or other and it bothered me, but I figured it would pass soon enough and be a thing of the past.

I didn’t bother with anything more than one good slap to the cigarette butt this time as I wasn’t particularly fond of cigarettes these days. They reminded me too much of what Ana used to do and that was something that I did not wish to have reminding myself at all. I hated the smell of them, the taste, the way they made my throat itch.

I had lost many of my senses since the accident which I blamed for taking my wife away from me. I couldn’t feel her there with me anymore, couldn’t hear her breathing or see that smile of hers at the corners of my eyes. I could still taste her though and in truth it was that sense I missed the most, just a little sip of tea, a tiny kiss on the cheek and she would be there again, the way she always had been when things got rough.

The day of the accident started off like any other one. Ana and I were sitting at our kitchen table, sharing a cup of tea. We drank it out of our favourite mugs which we had picked up on holiday in Italy 5 years before. It was nothing special, just a plain white mug with a picture of Venice painted onto the side of it. But to us they held much more value than that.

“I’m thinking about quitting work” Ana said as she placed her cup back down on the table, “I don’t think I want to be a lawyer anymore”.

Ana had always wanted to be a lawyer. She told me how when she was little she used to watch those courtroom shows where they would always have some old woman with big glasses on who would stand up and defend somebody against what seemed like insurmountable odds but somehow it all ended well in the end, justice for all.

Ana had always wanted to be that old woman with big glasses and I told her so, that she was more suited to being a barrister than just some secretary at the local law firm where she worked. She had been working there since we met 10 years ago when she started as an intern and even then you could tell by the way she carried herself around the office that she would make it all the way to the top one day.

“What do you mean?” I asked her, “You’ve worked so hard at this job. You’re finally getting where you want to be”.

I didn’t understand why she was suddenly throwing in the towel like that, it didn’t seem like something that Ana would do out of the blue. She never struck me as the type of person who gave up easily and here she was telling me now that she was thinking about quitting her job altogether. It wasn’t just any old job either, this was her dream career come true after all those years of studying at university then slogging away in the real world until finally she got what she wanted.

“It’s just not for me anymore” Ana said as she sipped from her cup once more before setting it down next to mine again. “I feel like there has to be something better out there for me than this”.

“Isn’t that what you’ve always been working towards?” I asked her, “Becoming a lawyer was your goal when we met and now look where you are. You’re at the top of the legal game in this city so why change it now?”.

I couldn’t understand why she wanted to quit something that seemed like such a perfect fit for her personality and I told her as much but she didn’t seem convinced by my words, just sat there staring out into space while sipping from her cup again. She didn’t say anything else after that either so I figured I would leave her be until lunchtime when we could talk about it further over some more tea.

After the accident I was in hospital for a few days and then sent home to recover. Ana came every day to visit me, bringing food from our favourite restaurant or bakery each time she stopped by so that all I had to do was eat what she gave me because otherwise it would be too hard with just one hand on the wheelchair.

She told me how much she loved me and how she would stay by my side no matter what happened but when I asked if we could get married soon so that things might seem more real for us both, she said yes straight away without any hesitation at all. That made me feel better about our situation because now there was something permanent between us which meant we didn’t have to worry about anything else anymore except getting through this tough time together and moving forward with our lives.

Ana even helped me dress myself after the accident and it was strange seeing her touch my body in that way, like I was nothing more than a child again who couldn’t fend for himself. She used to be so independent when we first met but now she needed someone else to take care of her too because she wasn’t able to walk anymore or use one of her hands properly either due to the injuries she sustained during our car crash.

I tried not to think about what had happened that day anymore and instead just focus on us moving forward together as husband and wife until something better came along which might improve both our lives even further than this did already. Ana seemed happy with everything now too so I figured there wasn’t anything else wrong in our relationship either which made me feel much better about things overall, even if we were stuck inside the house most days because it was too cold outside to go out and enjoy ourselves anymore like normal people would do when they weren’t living through such difficult times as these were right now.

I guess this is what they call “living the dream”, isn’t it?