 heart of gold and was very giving. Summer never had money growing up, but she worked hard at her job to provide for herself and loved her cat, Tiger. She loved all animals and worked at the local vet’s office as an assistant.

He met her when he went in to get his dog, Daisy, fixed. When he left the veterinary clinic, Summer had made him promise to call her if Daisy had any issues with surgery. The next morning she called and found out that Daisy was doing great. They had a long conversation about life and they exchanged numbers.

She didn’t know it then, but when she told him Daisy was going to be fine he felt like someone had taken the weight of the world off his shoulders. She had done this for no reason, but her heart told her that someone would need her help today, and she just hoped that he would find someone to take care of him and that he didn’t hurt anyone else.

She didn’t realize at the time that it would be him who would get into trouble later that night and end up in jail. She felt so sorry for him and wanted to help him but didn’t know how. He was such a good person, she just wanted to fix everything for him. She couldn ’ t understand why he was always getting arrested or why he kept ending up with women who would hurt him.

One night when it was Summer’s turn to work late at the vet’s office she found out that this young man had been brought in because of a fight with his girlfriend, who had left him and taken all their money. They were only able to pay for a few hours of care and had no insurance or anything else to help them out financially. When Summer saw him, she knew she could trust him. He looked so scared and lonely that it broke her heart even more than when he first came in the door with his dog.

She stayed up all night thinking about what she was going to do for this young man because she knew if anyone could save him from himself, she would be able to find a way. In the morning, Summer told him about how much she cared about animals and that she wanted to help him get through his tough time. She then showed him pictures of all the cats he had helped when they were sick or injured. She knew that seeing these photos would make him smile and give him hope for tomorrow.

She gave him a hug, but before Summer left, she told him not to forget her birthday, which was coming up in a few days, as she wanted nothing more than for them both to be happy again someday soon. He had been so moved by the kindness of this young woman that he felt like his heart would burst with joy at just being able to help someone who needed it so much.

The next day when Summer went back into work, she saw a message from him saying how much he loved her and wanted her in his life forever. She had never felt more special or important than she did that day because of this young man’s kindness and caring nature towards animals.

This story was shared on social media, where many people were inspired by the kindness of both Summer and this young man. They all agreed that there are still good people in the world who will help others even when they don ’ t know them or what they have done for someone else.

They said it is important to be kind to one another because you never know when someone might need your help, but if you do something nice for someone else today, then there is a good chance that someone will also pay it forward and do something nice for you tomorrow.