911 caller: “I can see somebody that’s trying to get into my neighbor’s house right now.” A few days later, another neighbor is getting ready for her own party. She, too, sees someone in a red hooded sweatshirt sneaking around in the backyard. The man is gone before police arrive.

” And, yes, there were rumors that he was stalking people, ” she said. “Everybody kind of knew about it.” After moving to Belle Plaine, Iowa, last summer, Jennifer and her husband, Mike, started putting together a list of things to do. Their 3-year-old son, Tyler, loves to play in the backyard. There was a creek out back with some rocks for climbing, and they enjoyed watching the neighbor kids swim in their pool during the warm summer months. In all, the neighborhood seemed like a pretty good place to start a family.

On a beautiful summer day in July, Jennifer, Mike and Tyler went on an adventure to a nearby state park, returning home around 5 p.m. A few minutes later, they were eating pizza from their front lawn. When it was time for Tyler’s bath, he decided to go back into the house alone instead of being carried inside by his parents. He was only in the bathroom for two or three minutes before Jennifer heard a loud scream.

She ran to her son’s room and saw that the door was still open. Her heart sank when she realized Tyler wasn’t in the bathroom. She ran back outside. A neighbor had heard Tyler screaming. They knew he was gone, and they all started searching for him.

Jennifer and Mike were devastated. “He was our whole life,” Jennifer said.

The neighborhood started to mobilize. Police arrived, as well as a search-and-rescue team, bloodhounds, firefighters, paramedics and volunteers. The Belle Plaine Police Department immediately put out an alert: “Tyler Poehlmann is missing from the 600 block of S. Walnut Street.” They were told to look for a boy with short, dark blond hair, wearing red shorts and a red T-shirt with green trees on it.

A few hours later, police announced that they’d found Tyler’s body in a wooded area 1½ miles from the Poehlmanns’ home. The cause of death was listed as homicide by suffocation. “We’re still in shock,” Jennifer said. “It feels like it happened to somebody else.”

Police arrested Paul Michael Schaefer, 25, and charged him with first-degree murder. He had just moved into the neighborhood a week earlier. He was being held on $1 million bond. Jennifer says she doesn’t understand why someone would do this. “He was our entire world,” Jennifer said of Tyler.

The Poehlmanns are planning to hold a memorial service for their son in late August at a park in nearby Marshalltown, Iowa, where the family grew up and went to school. The service will be open to the public, but there’s no information available about it yet.

“We just want people to know that Tyler was a good boy,” Jennifer said. “He had friends and he loved to play outside.”

Jennifer says she hopes someone will come forward with information about what happened to her son. The Belle Plaine Police Department is asking anyone with information to call them at 319-287-2064 or the Iowa State Patrol’s Crime Stoppers hotline at 515-242-7300.

This story was originally published on July 22, 2014. It has been updated with additional information about the family and their son.