 us were shivering and had goosebumps, but we looked good. I think I was the only one with a smile on my face.
 
 "Did you hear that?" My boyfriend whispered into my ear. I smiled and shook my head no. He sighed. It was his way of telling me he wished I would let him tell me about it, instead of being in my own little world. I'll admit, there was a lot to think about, but the most important thing was that we were going to be together for a while longer.
 
 "Why did you bring me here?" I asked him as we stood at the edge of the cemetery, the raindrops starting to fall heavier and harder now. It wasn't cold or anything, just wet. The only other people that were there with us was our two friends and my family members.
 
 "Because you love me." He smiled and took my hand in his. I felt a surge of happiness.
 
"I don't know about that..." My voice trailed off. He sighed, but still had the same smile on his face.
 
  "It doesn't matter if we didn't have time to do what we wanted, we did it." He leaned down and gave me a kiss. I melted into him as he pulled away from my lips. I knew then that this was going to be goodbye.
 
"We are going to meet again someday." I smiled.
 
 "I know. That's what makes it so easy." He said with a grin on his face.
 
  The rain was falling harder and faster now. We all ran into the cemetery, and hid under a tree to stay dry. My boyfriend wrapped his arms around me, kissing my neck as the drops fell down our faces. I looked up at the sky and saw the stars shining down at us. They were bright, beautiful, and full of hope.
 
 "Do you think we will meet again?" He asked, his voice muffled by my hair.
 
"Yes." I said, smiling at him. The rain was pouring down on both of us now, soaking our clothes through to the skin. He held me closer and kissed my forehead as he wrapped his arms around me tighter. His hands slid up and down my back as we stood there with our heads tilted up toward the stars above us.
 
"I love you." I whispered into his ear, feeling him breathe in deeply before saying something back. We stood there for a few minutes more, holding each other tightly until the rain stopped falling on both of us. It was time to go home now. We ran across the cemetery together and found our friends waiting under another tree. They all had big smiles on their faces when they saw us coming towards them. I hugged them one by one while my boyfriend wrapped his arms around me again. He kissed my cheek as we walked back towards the street, the rain still falling down gently on our heads.
 
  My family was waiting for us at home with some hot chocolate and cookies ready to go. We all sat down together in front of a fireplace while I held my boyfriend's hand tightly between both mine. The rain started coming down harder again outside, but we didn't care about anything except each other right now.
 
  "What are you going to do?" My mother asked me with a smile on her face as she sipped from her mug of hot chocolate. I smiled back at her and looked over at my boyfriend who was sitting next to me, his eyes closed as he leaned against the armrest of the chair. He opened them slowly when he heard my voice in response to my mother's question.
 
 "I don't know yet." He said softly, looking up at me with a grin on his face. I smiled back at him, feeling the warmth coming from inside our hearts towards each other. It was hard to believe that it had been over a year since we first met and fell in love with one another. The last time we saw each other, though, was just last week when he came home from college for Thanksgiving break. I had been so excited to see him again! We spent the whole day together, going out on dates, holding hands everywhere we went, and finally ending up here in my family's living room with my best friends.
 
  "You are just going to keep running away from me like this?" He asked me softly. I looked over at him as he spoke again. His face was serious now, but there was still that smile on his lips. He knew how much it meant to me when we spent time together last week! It was so hard not being able to see each other every day anymore after our college years were over!
 
 "I don't know." I said with a sigh as I looked down at the fireplace in front of us. The flames danced around inside its frame, creating a beautiful picture that made me feel warm all over even though it was so cold outside. We both knew we had to leave soon, but we didn't want to say goodbye yet.
 
 "You will see." He said with another smile on his face before leaning in and giving me a quick kiss on my lips. I felt the warmth coming from inside my chest as he pulled away from me again.
 
"I love you." He whispered into my ear, making me feel even warmer than before. We both knew what we had to do now: say goodbye and leave this place behind forever! I smiled at him one last time before standing up from the chair and holding out my hand towards him again so that he could help me stand up as well. We held each other tightly for a few moments longer while my family watched on with smiles on their faces!
 
"I'll see you soon." He said softly, pulling away from me once more as I nodded back at him with tears in my eyes now too! We hugged one last time before letting go of each other completely. His eyes were filled with sadness while mine were filled with joy and happiness! We both knew what we had to do now: say goodbye forever!
 
"I love you." I whispered softly into his ear as he pulled away from me again, holding my face in the palms of both hands so that our eyes could meet once more before saying one last thing together: "Goodbye." It was over now. We had to leave each other for good this time! He smiled at me one last time before turning around and walking out of the door towards his car, which was waiting outside. I watched him go with tears in my eyes as my family gathered around me, hugging me tightly as we said our own goodbyes together too!
 
"It's going to be alright." My mother whispered into my ear as she held onto me tightly. She had known how much this meant for both of us from the very beginning when we first met at college two years ago now! We were still so young, but already knew what we wanted out of life: each other! It didn't matter if our lives were going in different directions right now; all that mattered was spending some quality time together before we had to part ways forever.