as old boy found out that his mother and father were going to have another child. He didn't want the baby, he wanted his parents to be happy but he knew his mother would be miserable with another one of them babies.
 
 His mother tried to get him to talk about how he was feeling, "You know I won't push you into anything you don't want to do." She said. 
 
 "I just don't want another baby mom. I know it isn't going to be anything that would cause me to not love the child, I know what it is like to not have a brother or sister. But I feel like if you guys had one of us we would have been better." He told her. 
 
 "I'm sure that isn't true," She told him. 
 
 "Why don't you ask dad? He has always wanted another child, he didn't want to wait to long because he didn't know if he would have anymore. He can tell you." He said.
 
 "He is in the shower I will let him know you were looking for him when he gets out." She told her son. 
 
 He watched as she walked away, he wanted to tell her how much she meant to him and that it was all his fault for not telling her sooner.
 
 He heard someone coming down the stairs, "Who is it?" His father asked.
 
 "Dad I need to talk to you." He replied. 
 
 "Okay come up here," He told him as he walked into the room and took a seat on the end of the bed. He didn't want to hear what his son had to say, but he knew his son wouldn't lie. "What is it son?" He asked.
 
 "I don't want you guys to have another kid dad." He told him. 
 
 "Son, I know that this isn't easy for you but if you truly can't stand having another one then we will find something else." His father told him. 
 
 "I just feel like if you had us sooner then your life would be better than what it is now. I know that isn't true, but I wish that you were happier and that this didn't have to happen again." He said.
 
 "Son, you know how much I love you and how much we both wanted you, we thought that we would never get pregnant so when it happened we were shocked at first because we had been trying for years. But then you came along and our life was complete. We are just as happy now as we have ever been." His father told him. 

 "Dad I'm sorry that this is so hard on you, but if mom is going to be miserable with another baby I know it will kill me seeing her like that." He said. 

 "I understand son, but you have to talk to your mother about this." His father told him. 

 "Dad you know she doesn't want to argue with me. I don't want to hurt her feelings, I just want my life back. I hate that we never get to see each other anymore and I feel like if she had us sooner then we would have been able to spend time together." He told him.
 
 "Son, you know how much we love you both. If it was up to me you could be around every day, but your mother is right there with you. She loves being around you as much as I do and if this is what makes her happy then that's all that matters." His father told him.
 
 "I just wish that our life would go back to normal dad. I feel like mom is never here anymore because she is always working or doing something with another kid. I love you both so much, but I need more." He told his father as he broke down in tears. 

 His father walked over and sat beside him on the bed, "I understand son, this is hard on all of us." He said as he hugged his son. 

 It didn't take long for them to hear a knock at the door, "Come in," His father called out. 

 "Is everything okay?" His mother asked as she came into the room. 

 "Yes mom, I was just telling dad how much this is going to hurt him and that it would make me feel better if he didn't have another baby." He told her. 

 She sat down beside them on the bed, "Son, I know you don't want another sibling but this is what makes us happy. If we didn't have kids then I wouldn't be here right now and I wouldn't have anyone to spend time with." She told him. 

 "I just want my life back mom, I want things to go back to the way they were before you had me." He told her. 

 "Son, we all love each other very much. You know that." His father said as he took his hand in hers and held it tight. 

 "I don't know why this is happening dad." He said as the tears started to fall again. 

 "You have nothing to worry about son, we will make everything right again soon enough." His father told him. 

 They all sat there in silence for a few minutes before his mother broke it. "Son, I'm going to be honest with you. There is no reason why this should happen to us and our kids are not at fault either." She said as she turned towards her husband. 

 "What do you mean mom?" He asked. 

 "Son, I know that there are things we can't control but we don't have to worry about what other people think or say about us because our love for each other is more important than anything else." She told him. 

 "Mom, you are always telling me how much you love me and dad and how I should never feel like I am not good enough. But when this happens I feel like it was my fault." He said as he started to cry again. 

 "Son, we love you and no matter what happens between us or with our kids, nothing will ever change that fact." His father told him. 

 They all held each other tightly for a few minutes before they heard the door open again. 

 "Everything okay?" The voice asked as she walked in the room. It was her friend and she had brought her daughter along with her.

 "Yes, everything is fine." His father said as he stood up from the bed. 

"Hey there!" She said as she hugged them both. "How are you guys doing?" He asked. 

"Good. You know how much we love each other and how happy we are together. I hope that is what your son feels too." She told him. 

 "Oh yes, he loves his mom and dad very much. It's just hard for him to understand why this happened." His father told her. 

 "I can only imagine how hard it is on you guys," She said as she hugged them both again. 

 They sat there in silence for a few minutes before they heard another knock at the door, "Come in!" His mother called out. 

 It was his older sister who had been staying with her grandparents since she was born. She walked into the room and gave him a hug. 

 "Hey sis," He said as he let go of her and sat down on the bed next to her father, "How are you doing?" He asked. 

 "I'm fine, how are you guys doing?" She asked. 

 "We are okay sis. But it is hard for us to understand why this happened." His father told him. 

 "Yeah, I know what you mean dad. It makes me sad that your son has to go through something like this." His sister said as she sat down next to her mother on the bed. 

 They all sat there in silence for a few minutes before his mother spoke up again. "Son, we all love each other very much and nothing will ever change that." She told him. 

 "I know mom, I know. But it still hurts me when I think about how happy we were together and then this happened." He told her. 

 "You have nothing to worry about son, we will make everything right again soon enough." His father told him as he held his hand tightly in hers once more. 

"I just wish that things could be the way they used to be before this all happened." He said as he started crying again. 

 "Son, you are not alone," She told him as she hugged him tightly. 

 They all held each other tightly for a few minutes before they heard another knock at the door, "Come in!" His mother called out once more. It was his aunt and uncle who had been taking care of their kids while they were in jail. 

 He walked into the room with a smile on his face, "Hey guys! How are you all doing?" He asked as he hugged them both. 

"We are fine," His father told him. 

"Yeah, I know it's hard but we will get through this together." She said as she hugged him again. 

 They sat there in