; rocks, roots and fallen branches. The light is dim but he can see enough to move on. There are no sounds in this place and he keeps his distance from those trees that might be home to a hunter of some sort.

His mind is full with the task ahead; to reach the place where the two rivers merge before sundown. To stop the hunt, to stop the killing. It has been going on for too long. And it is time. He knows he can not do this alone and yet, he also knows that there are others who will not help.

The others of his kind see him as a leader. A protector. A defender. He does not mind being seen thus. But he has always felt the responsibility to protect and defend, no matter what cost may be required. The hunt for the hunter has been going on for so many years that his memory can’t quite grasp it. And yet, the stories have been told time and again by those who remember when there was peace among all living things in these mountains; a place where every being knew that it had to live in harmony with others of its kind as well as the other kinds that share this land.

He is tired now. The walk has been long and he has little left in his body to carry on any longer. But then, he sees something ahead; a clearing in the woods where two rivers meet. He stops for a moment, taking stock of what lies before him and then slowly walks toward it. His feet are tired but they still move with purpose.

As he approaches the spot where the waters merge, his eyes are drawn to what is beyond them; an old man sitting on a log by one side and an older woman sitting beside him, both watching quietly as if waiting for something important to happen. The man sees him and smiles; welcoming him with open arms and eyes that show joy at meeting someone who has come to stop the hunt. He reaches out his hand towards him but stops short when he sees how tired the young man is.

“You should rest,” says the old man, “I will see you in my dreams tonight.”

The young man nods and then falls asleep on the ground with a contented smile on his face. When he wakes up later that night, there is no trace of where he lay down to sleep; only two rivers merging together in peace as they have done for countless years before him. He stands up slowly, brushing himself off gently and walks towards one of the rivers.

He sees a woman standing at the water’s edge with her arms outstretched towards him; her long hair flowing down like a cascading waterfall over her body. She looks at him and smiles before turning to face away from him again as if she doesn’t want him to see her face. He walks towards her slowly, feeling something inside himself changing with each step he takes until finally they stand face to face; two young people who have come together through the years to stop a hunt that has gone on for too long.

She looks at him again but this time there is no smile on her lips as if she can sense what lies ahead for them both; two souls destined to be together forever, even though they are not yet ready to tell each other so. He reaches out his hand towards hers and holds it gently; feeling the warmth of her skin against his own. She looks at him again but this time there is no smile on her lips as if she can sense what lies ahead for them both; two souls destined to be together forever, even though they are not yet ready to tell each other so.

They stand like that for a moment, holding hands and looking into the eyes of one another until suddenly everything around them changes. The rivers have gone and there is only grass covering the ground where they stood before. They look at each other again but this time there is no smile on either one’s lips as if they know what lies ahead for both of them; two souls destined to be together forever, even though they are not yet ready to tell each other so.

They stand like that for a moment, holding hands and looking into the eyes of one another until suddenly everything around them changes. The grass has gone and there is only water covering the ground where they stood before. They look at each other again but this time there is no smile on either one’s lips as if they know what lies ahead for both of them; two souls destined to be together forever, even though they are not yet ready to tell each other so.

They stand like that for a moment, holding hands and looking into the eyes of one another until suddenly everything around them changes. The water has gone and there is only fire covering the ground where they stood before. They look at each other again but this time there is no smile on either one’s lips as if they know what lies ahead for both of them; two souls destined to be together forever, even though they are not yet ready to tell each other so.

They stand like that for a moment, holding hands and looking into the eyes of one another until suddenly everything around them changes. The fire has gone and there is only darkness covering the ground where they stood before. They look at each other again but this time there is no smile on either one’s lips as if they know what lies ahead for both of them; two souls destined to be together forever, even though they are not yet ready to tell each other so.

The wind blows and the trees begin to sway. The sun rises in the east and sets in the west; a day goes by with no sound except that which echoes within their hearts. Two souls stand face-to-face, looking into one another’s eyes as if they know what lies ahead for both of them; two souls destined to be together forever, even though they are not yet ready to tell each other so…

This story is a work of fiction. It may or may not have some resemblance to historical events that occurred in the past. This story was written by an anonymous author who wishes to remain anonymous for personal reasons.