 A pile of crumpled and dirty blankets were spread on the cement near the fire. The three men and two women all sat in varying states of undress, huddled close to their little community’s campfire.

 “Aren’t you cold?” one of the women asked one of the men. He was wearing a ratty old brown jacket and looked like he had been sitting in his place for hours.

 “Yeah,” he replied, but his tone did not show any sign that he actually cared. In fact, the man looked like he was just getting more comfortable.

 “That’s just you then. I’m freezing my ass off.”

 The group laughed at this and the other women chuckled nervously. It had been a rough day and there wasn’t much to laugh about, but it was either that or cry.

 “Hey, I got something for us,” one of the men said suddenly. “I went down to the tunnel earlier and found some cans.” He pulled out a bottle of cheap beer from his jacket pocket. 

 The group cheered at this and clapped their hands together excitedly. “Yeah, man!” the ratty-jacketed guy said. “That’s great! What flavor?”

 “Lager,” he replied.

 The others nodded their heads and started to drink. The ratty jacket was still smiling as he watched them, but when they finished and handed it back to him, his face had turned back to the same expressionless state it had been in before. They all took a sip, and then passed the bottle around the circle again.

 “Not much left,” one of the women said with concern. The others nodded in agreement. 

 “Yeah, we need more,” another man agreed. He stood up to get another beer and walked towards the tunnel that had once been the Vermont Street platform. They all watched him go. One of the women started to say something, but was cut short as he turned back around. The bottle in his hand was empty. 

 “Where did you go?” she asked, her voice a bit higher than usual. All eyes were on the man. 

 He didn’t answer, but looked down at his feet and started to shuffle nervously. The others looked at each other and then back at him. A few of them got up, walked towards him and patted him on the shoulder. “Come on, man,” they said. “We all know you can’t hold your liquor. You okay?”

 “I’m fine!” he yelled suddenly. They jumped in surprise as he pointed at them with his bottle. “Fuck off!” His face was red and angry now, but when the others moved to try to calm him down, he only hit out harder. He swung wildly, slamming the bottle into one of their faces before turning to run away from them again. They didn’t chase after him this time though; they all stood in stunned silence as he disappeared back into the tunnel. 

 “What the fuck just happened?” one woman asked finally. “Did you see that? He fucking attacked us! We should call someone, but what if it comes back here looking for me?” she cried out angrily before covering her mouth with both hands and running towards the tunnel entrance. She looked back at them before disappearing into the darkness of the passageway. 

 “I don’t know,” said the other woman. She had been standing next to a pile of crumpled blankets, but now she grabbed them up and started pulling on her clothes quickly. The others followed suit, putting their own belongings into their pockets or throwing them over their shoulders as fast as they could before rushing out into the night.

 The other man stood in front of the group, trying to stop them from leaving him alone with what had just happened. 

 “I’m sorry,” he said. “I didn’t mean for that to happen.” But his pleas fell on deaf ears as they all ran past him and into the darkness beyond. He stood there in silence for a few moments before turning around and following them out onto Vermont Street. 

 He looked up at the sky, trying to make sense of what had just happened. The night was dark and still, but something felt different about it; like there was danger lurking nearby, waiting patiently until he turned his back before springing upon him with violence. He didn’t want to stay there though; not while everyone else had left him behind. So he started walking down Vermont Street in the direction that they had gone. 

 As he walked, he felt the cold air against his skin and wondered if it was just another sign of things getting worse for him or something much more sinister than he could ever imagine. But as long as he kept moving forward towards whatever awaited him out there beyond these walls then maybe everything would be alright again someday soon enough... 

 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 
 
 It took me a few days to get back on track, but I finally had my thoughts together enough to write this story out. The idea for it came from some of the things that have been happening in Los Angeles lately - specifically, with all of the homeless people who are living underneath the train tracks near where I live (and other parts of LA). There were two different articles about them on the front page today; one talked about how there's a new law being proposed by city officials to get rid of these homeless camps and another discussed how they're trying to find ways for the people who live in these places to get jobs instead. 

 I don't know if I was thinking too much into this when it came time to write this story, but there were so many things that had been happening around me lately - from the recent earthquake we had here (and all of the aftershocks) to some of my friends moving away - and I think these thoughts just kind of spilled over into my writing. I wanted to explore what it would be like if you lived in a place where everything was always changing and you couldn't really rely on anything other than yourself... but then again, maybe that's how life is for everyone? 

 I'm not sure what people will think of this story - or if there are even any other stories like it out there - but I hope you enjoyed reading this! If anyone has any suggestions on how I can improve as a writer feel free to send me a message. Thanks for taking the time to read my work :) 

 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 

 The following day, I went back to where I had written this story. There was nothing there but empty space and some broken concrete slabs now - no train tracks or any other signs of life at all... just like the rest of Los Angeles after everything else had been destroyed by that earthquake.

 I wanted to take a picture so people would know that it did exist, but I couldn't find my camera anywhere... maybe someday someone will come along who can help me figure out what happened? 

 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 

 A few days later, I went back to where the train tracks used to be. The only thing left was a small patch of dirt and some broken concrete slabs; nothing else at all... no signs of life anywhere nearby or anything else that had been destroyed by that earthquake (or anything else for that matter).

 It made me feel sad thinking about how everything is always changing in LA - just like it did when I wrote this story - but also kind of happy knowing that someday something might come along and help us figure out what happened?