

I have the feeling that I've been here before, on this exact spot, in this exact place and time, but I know for sure that it's déjà vu at best. Do n't get me wrong, I know I've been in similar situations, with this woman, this man and these friends; I am even certain we've met before.

It just feels like there is an air of familiarity that surrounds the four of us, but perhaps it's just that we have known each other for a long time now. Maybe it was that moment when she put her hand on my shoulder to say goodbye and I kissed her cheek, the same way I did a year ago at her wedding. Or maybe it's that he stood close to me, so as not to be left alone with her.

As if the memories of what happened before were in the air and we could breathe them in, almost taste them, like wine; but I am certain this has nothing to do with us being together now.

We're just four friends who have been through so many things together, that our lives seem to be entwined by an invisible thread, a rope that links us all together. In any case, I don't think we would be able to tell which one of us came first, as we grew up together and we've always lived nearby each other.

He was the first to talk to me when I entered secondary school for the first time, it must have been something like twenty years ago now. We had classes together and we were in a club, but after that he didn't seem too interested anymore. I was surprised because I thought that we got on well enough.

It was later that I realised what was happening: I was only the first girl that came to him and so he didn't really take notice of me. I must admit though, that at the time this didn't bother me too much, as my interest in him had cooled off a little bit by then.

What was important to me now was that there were two new girls in the class, one with long curly hair and light brown eyes, who came from England. I was very curious to meet her because she looked like she wasn't going to be easily impressed by the silly school boy jokes we used to come up with, as if all of us were trying to act cooler than we really were.

I wanted to find out more about her and so did he, as I later realised. He went out with her a few times and he came back to talk to me about it, saying how sweet she was. He told me about the kiss they shared for the first time and how they sat together holding hands all day long at school.

They were going out for some time now, but then I noticed that something wasn't quite right between them and so one evening I asked her what was going on with them. She said he was a great guy who had treated her well, but that she didn't see things working out between them in the future.

I remember feeling sorry for him, but at the same time I was relieved because I saw there was hope of something happening between me and him. After all, it was quite obvious we got on well together now and maybe my feelings towards her had something to do with the fact that they were dating each other.

Soon enough however, things took a turn for the worse again when he started going out with another girl who had just moved into the area from New Zealand. She looked different from what we're used to here and so I wasn't really sure how she would be accepted by our friends.

She didn't seem like someone who cared about that sort of thing, though; she was always confident in her own skin no matter what anyone else said or thought about her. After a few days, it became clear to me that he liked this girl too and so I asked him why he wanted to go out with her when we all knew how much he liked the English girl.

He didn't have an answer for me but after that conversation, things were never the same between us again as far as I could tell. It was like we had grown apart somehow, without even realising it. I guess it had to happen sooner or later though; as we grew up and became more independent from our families, each one of us went on different paths.

Now when we meet up occasionally, it's almost as if nothing has changed between us really because we still enjoy being around each other's company. I don't know whether this is true love or just an unconditional friendship that lasts forever but whatever it may be, I can tell you one thing: It feels great!