 hour or two of the family car. It wasn’t much, but it was better than most kids got over the summer. Jeffery didn’t have school to worry about, his sister did, and the family car would only go so far, and that only for a little while, before it had to be returned. He could use the hours he stole from it to get things done.

He sat up in bed, his back stiff from sleeping all day like this, and pulled his pillow over his head.

“Go away, light,” he mumbled at it. “I’m not ready for you.”

It was a habit he had developed since childhood, to cover himself whenever the sun tried to shine on him. He didn’t know why. It wasn’t like he couldn’t see or anything. It just felt better this way.

“You can go away, too,” he told his sister. She didn’t respond. Her face was buried in a book like it had been for the last three weeks. “I’m not ready for you, either.”

She didn’t move. Jeffery sighed and threw off the blanket that covered him. He stood up, but not before he reached out to turn off the light. He couldn’t leave it on. Not after she went away. His sister was asleep now, or at least that’s what her face said. There were no books, there was no light. It looked like her, but it wasn’t.

Jeffery left his room and headed to the bathroom. He needed a shower before he could go anywhere. While he ran the water he remembered that there were things to do today. First, he had to find his car keys. Then, maybe he would play some games after he took care of what needed done. His mom always said he should clean out the garage before the rainy season started, and it was almost time for that.

“You’ll have a mess in there again if you don’t,” she had warned him yesterday morning as she handed him his plate of pancakes.

Jeffery groaned. He would clean the garage after he took care of whatever it was that needed doing out back. He’d been cleaning the garage all week, and he wasn’t looking forward to it anymore. The rainy season didn’t start for another couple of weeks, anyway. It wasn’t like anything needed done right now.

Jeffery finished showering and grabbed his towel. He wrapped it around himself, and walked out into the hallway. His sister was gone, but there were more books on the floor now. More than before. He sighed. She must have gotten up to take a shower. Maybe she needed help with something.

“Hey,” he said as he peered into her room. “Do you need some help?”

He didn’t get an answer, but it was hard to hear over the sound of running water. Jeffery waited in the hall for a few minutes, then went into his room and dressed himself. He put on his favorite pair of jeans, a tank top with his favorite band logo on it, and his sneakers. Then he made his bed and started looking around for his car keys.

“Mom?” he called out. “Did you see my car keys? I’m going to go clean out the garage.”

His mom didn’t answer him. He guessed that she was still in bed, but it wasn’t like her not to reply. Jeffery shrugged and kept looking for his keys. Maybe they were on the floor. Maybe his dad had hidden them again because he used the car too much when he went out with his friends. Or maybe someone else found them and took them without asking him first. It happened all the time at school.

“Hey, where are my car keys?” Jeffery shouted as loud as he could. He pounded his fist against the wall a couple of times for emphasis. “I need my car keys!”

No one answered him back this time either. He walked downstairs and into the kitchen, but it was empty too. There were no dishes in the sink and there wasn’t any food on the table either. Maybe he could find them there. His mom liked to hide things sometimes when she was mad at him for not doing something right or if she caught him stealing something out of her purse again. She always said that he needed to learn how to be more responsible, but Jeffery didn’t think he should have to do it all by himself. It wasn’t like it was his fault that his dad had left them a couple of months ago and they couldn’t afford the rent anymore so they had to move in with grandma.

Jeffery walked back into the living room and flopped down on the couch, feeling defeated already because he hadn’t found what he was looking for yet. He didn’t want to be here anymore anyway. He wanted to go out somewhere where there were other people who understood him and could help him with what needed done out back before the rainy season started next month.

He turned on his favorite show, but it was already halfway through so he had missed everything that happened at the beginning of this episode. Jeffery sighed and reached for the remote control when a knocking sound came from outside his window. He got up to see who it was, but there was no one in sight.

“Is anyone out there?” he called out, but there wasn’t an answer. Jeffery shrugged again and walked back into his room. Maybe the person was in the garage already. They must have come while he was taking a shower or something because they hadn’t been there when he left for school this morning.

“I just need a little help,” Jeffery said as loud as he could without hurting himself, but no one answered him back this time either so he went downstairs again and out into the yard where everything looked different than usual, like someone had taken all of the trees down and replaced them with something else instead.

“What happened?” Jeffery asked out loud, but there was still nobody around to answer his question. He walked over toward the garage door that was already open and saw that it led to a whole new world that wasn’t anything like what he was used to seeing every day. It looked like someone else had come in here while he wasn’t looking either because everything looked different from when he left for school this morning too.

“Who are you?” Jeffery shouted, but no one answered him back so he walked into the garage and saw that it led to a whole new world that wasn’t anything like what he was used to seeing every day. It looked like someone else had come in here while he wasn’t looking either because everything looked different from when he left for school this morning too.

“Who are you?” Jeffery shouted, but no one answered him back so he walked into the garage and saw that it led to a whole new world that wasn’t anything like what he was used to seeing every day. It looked like someone else had come in here while he wasn’t looking either because everything looked different from when he left for school this morning too.

“I just need a little help,” Jeffery said, but no one answered him back so he walked out into the yard again and saw that everything looked different than usual, like someone had taken all of the trees down and replaced them with something else instead. “What happened?”

Jeffery asked himself, but there was still nobody around to answer his question. He walked over toward the garage door that was already open and saw that it led to a whole new world that wasn’t anything like what he was used to seeing every day. It looked like someone else had come in here while he wasn’t looking either because everything looked different from when he left for school this morning too.

“Who are you?” Jeffery shouted, but no one answered him back so he walked into the garage and saw that it led to a whole new world that wasn’t anything like what he was used to seeing every day. It looked like someone else had come in here while he wasn’t looking either because everything looked different from when he left for school this morning too.

“I just need a little help,” Jeffery said, but no one answered him back so he walked out into the yard again and saw that everything looked different than usual, like someone had taken all of the trees down and replaced them with something else instead. “What happened?” Jeffery asked himself, but there was still nobody around to answer his question. He walked over toward the garage door that was already open and saw that it led to a whole new world that wasn’t anything like what he was used to seeing every day.

It looked like someone else had come in here while he wasn’t looking either because everything looked different from when he left for school this morning too. “Who are you?” Jeffery shouted, but no one answered him back so he walked into the garage and saw that it led to a whole new world that wasn’t anything like what he was used to seeing every day.

It looked like someone else had come in here while he wasn’t looking either because everything looked different from when he left for school this morning too. “I just need a little help,” Jeffery said, but no one answered him back so he walked out into the yard again and saw that everything looked different than usual, like someone had taken all of the trees down and replaced them with something else instead.

“What happened?” Jeffery asked himself, but there was still nobody around to answer his question. He walked over toward the