é. It looked like an interrogation room or something but that didn’t really bother me. After all I’ve been through in my life nothing could surprise me anymore.

My eyes were looking at a man wearing a suit behind a glass wall. His face was serious and his expression was serious too, just as you would expect from someone who has power over other peoples lives. He didn’t say anything for a while but he did something. He pressed a button and the door opened.

A woman appeared in the doorway wearing an elegant white dress. She walked towards me, slowly, with her long blond hair flowing behind her. The sight of her was soothing and I could tell that she had a nice personality by looking at her. “Good morning,” she said to me, smiling. “We’re going to take your fingerprints now,” the man interrupted us, making her frown slightly. She nodded at him and then she turned back to me. “Okay, just put your fingers on this paper.” I did so. When we were done with the process, I heard a beep. The door opened again and two more people came into the room: another man and woman. They looked completely different from each other but both had a professional appearance about them. “Good morning,” said the first one while the other just nodded at me. Then they started talking to themselves in low voices I couldn’t understand.

The woman who took my fingerprints gave me a glass of water and I drank it. After that, she asked me some questions. My name and birth date were obvious, but the other ones weren’t so much. They had to do with my life history: when did you get married? Do you have children? And then they asked about the people in my family who have died recently – where were they buried? What was their cause of death? Did anyone else know them besides yourself (and if yes, how)? And lastly she asked me why I wanted to join the army. That one surprised me because it seemed so obvious but maybe that’s what made her suspicious.

The questions continued for another half an hour until finally there was no more information left about me or anything else related. My interrogator took the papers with my fingerprints on them and then he put them away in a safe place before leaving the room. I didn’t want to stay here any longer so I walked towards the exit door and out into freedom again!

The next day, when I came back home from school, there was an envelope waiting for me on my bed with some money inside. The letter said that it had been sent by a woman who lived in the same city as mine but in another part of town where there wasn’t much going on except for crime and poverty – basically everything I don’t like about life!