arm off, then flipped it back on. My mind was not working right. Too many things were happening at once.

I heard a roar in front of the elevator doors. It wasn’t a man and it didn’t have an animalistic quality to it either. I cocked my pistol, stepped out of the elevator and pressed myself against the wall, using it as cover. A figure stepped out from the shadows on my left and into the corridor. It had a long face with yellow eyes, like a lizard or a snake. And it stood over five foot tall.

I pointed my pistol at the creature and said: “Stay back! I’ll shoot!”

It growled and snapped its jaws, flashing rows of sharp teeth. It charged toward me in a flash of motion.

The figure was too fast for me to shoot and when it hit me, it knocked me onto my back. It pinned my arms down with a muscular hind leg while the other scooped up something from behind me. I struggled, but its claws dug deep into my biceps and I couldn’t move an inch.

My heart pounded as I tried to catch a glimpse of what it was holding. It was too dark in the hallway, so all I could make out were shadows dancing on the walls and ceiling. But I knew what they were. The figure brought them up over my head like a cape and threw them around me.

A loud crash echoed from down the hall. The beast turned its attention to the sound just as the lights came back online. It growled again, then darted down the hall, out of sight. I rolled off my side onto my front and looked up at the thing that had attacked me.

It was a man wearing a cloak made from human skin and flesh, covered in scars and burn marks. The beast growled something behind me and the creature turned toward it. It picked up its pace. Then he stopped and turned back to face me. His yellow eyes glared at me through the shadows.

“Who are you?” I said with a shaky voice. “What is this place? What do you want?”

The figure looked down at me for several seconds, then reached into one of his pockets. He pulled out a pistol and held it in front of my face, its barrel less than an inch away from my forehead. The creature snarled something to him, then growled in frustration. It grabbed its head with both hands as if it were experiencing some type of pain.

I couldn’t make out what the figure was saying, but it didn’t matter. He pressed the gun against my face and pulled the trigger.

I closed my eyes and waited for the inevitable explosion of pain that would follow, but there wasn’t one. I opened my eyes and looked up at him. There was nothing there. A sudden gust of wind blew past me as if a door had just been opened. I looked behind me and saw a bright light coming from an elevator.

“Wait! Who are you?”

The figure didn’t answer. He turned away and ran toward the elevator, disappearing into the darkness beyond its doors.

I stood up and brushed off my clothes. My heart was still pounding but at least I wasn’t dead yet. I started walking down the hallway towards the bright light coming from the elevator. The figure had opened another door somewhere behind me. I wondered if there were others like him, waiting to attack me or kill me.

As I walked through the hall, I heard more growls and roars echoing from various corridors. Some sounded like animals while others had a man-like quality to them. There were at least three different groups of them, each with their own sound.

I reached the end of the hallway and stepped out into an open area where all four hallways converged. The bright light coming from the elevator was so intense that I couldn’t see any shadows or movement in the distance. It seemed like everything was frozen in time for a moment, as if it was waiting for me to make my move.

I stood still and listened to the sounds around me. One group of them was louder than the others, almost like they were talking to each other. I heard something being thrown into the air several times followed by what sounded like applause or laughter.

The sound came from the direction of the elevator doors. The figure had opened another one in front of it and stepped through, leaving behind a trail of bloody footprints on the floor. He was smiling, as if he were waiting for me to come after him so he could kill me.

I took a step forward. My hand trembled slightly as I drew my pistol from its holster. The figure turned around, smiled at me and fired his own weapon. I ducked just in time before the bullet struck the floor near my feet.

He was still smiling as he walked toward me. His lips curved into a sadistic grin that reminded me of one of those serial killers they used to put on TV shows when I was younger. He stopped about ten feet away from where I stood and began talking, “You have no idea what you’re in for. The others are already here…waiting for you.”

I felt like he was reading my mind as if it were an open book. But that wasn’t possible, right? They can’t know what I’m thinking unless they read my thoughts like a psychic or something.

“What do you mean?” I asked. “Who are the others?”

He laughed and pointed behind me, “They’re in there! You don’t even need your gun to find them.”

I turned around slowly, expecting to see one of those groups from earlier, but there was nothing there. Just a solid metal door with no windows or handle that I could see. It must have been locked from the other side because I couldn’t get it open no matter how hard I tried. The figure smirked at me as if he knew what I was trying to do.

“Come on now,” he said. “You’re not going to find them behind that door. You should know better than that by now.”

I didn’t reply because there wasn’t much point in talking with him anymore. He knew everything about me and what I was going through right now. If anything, it would be a waste of time trying to reason with him or make any sort of deal. Besides, the only thing he wanted from me was my life, so why should I bother?

I looked at him with determination in my eyes as I pulled the trigger on his gun several times. It made no difference because every bullet seemed to fall short and miss its target each time it left my hands. He kept smiling that same sickening grin of his while he watched me struggle with something that wasn’t even there anymore.

“You can’t do it, can you?” he said. “I know how much you want to pull that trigger, but you just can’t seem to hit me, can you? It doesn’t matter if I’m standing right in front of you or not, does it?”

He was right about one thing at least; there wasn’t anything stopping me from shooting him now. It seemed like such an easy solution to all this madness, but somehow I knew that even if I did shoot him, nothing would change. The figure wouldn’t die and neither would I. It would just be the beginning of another cycle of hell for both of us.

“You know what you have to do,” he said as he slowly walked toward me with his pistol raised above his head like a conductor’s baton, “it’s time for you to accept your fate.”

I felt myself being pulled in by some sort of invisible force that seemed to be coming from behind me. The figure was still smiling as he approached me. I turned around slowly and saw four men standing in front of a large door with their arms stretched out toward the sky like they were being crucified on some kind of cross.

Their eyes were wide open, but there was nothing behind them except for blackness that seemed to go on forever. They had been waiting here ever since I came into this place and now it was time for me to join them…to accept my fate as well.

“You’re next,” he said, “and you have no choice but to do what we say.”

I stood there for a moment and just stared at the four men in front of me. There seemed to be something wrong with their eyes because they looked like black holes that were sucking all the light out from around them. I knew there was no way I could fight him or escape this place on my own, so it would be better if I simply followed his orders and did what he said.

“Okay,” I replied with a sigh, “but just give me a little bit of time to think about it first.”

He laughed and walked towards the door where the four men were standing, “you don’t have much choice in this matter, do you?” he said as if he were talking down to a child. He opened the door for them and they started walking out one by one. They didn’t turn around once before they disappeared through it completely.

“You’re next,” he said again, “and you can’t run from this either.”

I looked at him with hatred in my eyes, but there was nothing I could do about it because his words were true. He knew