-ver forget that? ` '

Moira tried to avoid thinking about her master whenever she could. He wasn't exactly the sort of person one wanted to be thinking about too often. She found it a bit hard to focus on her studies when she did think about him, but at least he had made sure to provide her with plenty of room and board in exchange for her work.

Of course, he also provided her with ample opportunities to show her appreciation. But Moira tried to avoid those whenever possible as well. She had been doing fairly well so far. At least, she hoped. She wasn't about to check the video camera that was recording her in every moment of privacy, just in case...

The Arcanum Tower was a fascinating place, and Moira found herself having much more trouble with the distractions than her work. It was difficult not to get lost in all the magic and artifacts housed within the tower. She would spend hours wandering about it, admiring its many wonders and thinking of how she might use them.

But this time, Moira had something else to do. The Arcanum Tower had a library with over a hundred thousand books in it. It was the largest collection of written magic and other magical artifacts in all of Northrend. Moira knew that it would be full of useful information on the artifact that she needed. She just had to figure out how to find it.

Luckily, the tower had a computer that she could use for research. She searched through the files until she found what she was looking for - a list of all the artifacts in the library and their locations. Moira made a mental note to look at the bookmark later so she wouldn't have to search again if she needed it again, but first...

There was one bookmark that caught her eye among all the others; it was marked "Artifact - Amulet of Eternal Life." It sounded like exactly what she wanted. Moira went over and looked at the title page in more detail. The description said that it was an amulet made from a crystal with an enchanted image of a dragon on it, which would grant immortality to whoever wore it.

`` You must be joking... ` ' Moira thought aloud. `` No such thing exists! ` ' She sighed and turned away. The idea was too ridiculous for her to even consider believing in it. Then she noticed something else about the description of this amulet; it said that it could only be activated by someone who had killed a dragon while wearing it, which meant...

Moira froze in horror. She didn't want to kill dragons! Even though they were considered monsters and didn't have souls, she still felt bad about killing them. What if the amulet was real? Was there any way that she could avoid using it? Could she use another artifact instead?

The only way to find out would be to go look at all of them. Moira sighed again and went over to the library shelves, which were filled with hundreds upon thousands of books and other items. It would take her hours just to get through them all! But there was no choice; she had to find one that could help her if the amulet didn't work out.

Moira began by looking at the first row of shelves, but as she reached for a book, something caught her eye - an old-fashioned, leatherbound journal with a silver dragon on it. The title was "Journal of A Dragon Slayer." She had never heard of anyone called a dragon slayer before, so she decided to take a closer look at what was inside.

It turned out that the journal belonged to someone named Sir Gareth who lived in Lordaeron many years ago. He was an expert swordsman and hunter who had made it his life's work to kill as many dragons as possible so that they would never pose a threat again. Moira began reading about his exploits with great interest, until she came across this entry:

"I have just slain my hundredth dragon! I can hardly believe that it has been ten years since I first picked up my sword and dedicated myself to this cause. And now here I am, standing at the edge of victory over all these evil creatures once and for all... But what do I do with myself after this? What will be my purpose in life?"

"The answer is obvious," he said to himself. "I must take up the mantle of a dragon slayer and pass on my knowledge to future generations, so that they can continue the fight against these creatures even long after I am gone."

Moira sat down on one of the library chairs and read through the rest of Sir Gareth's journal. It turned out that he had spent years training students in the art of dragon slaying until his death, but only a few were able to master it as well as he did. And after all those years, he still hadn't found an amulet like Moira wanted...

Moira sighed again and stood up from her chair. She had learned about how Sir Gareth's students had failed to find such a powerful artifact, but she also knew that there was nothing else in this library that could help her with her problem. So now what? Should she just go back home and forget about it? Or should she keep looking for something else?

Moira walked back over to the computer terminal where her list of bookmarks was still open on the screen, but before she could begin searching again, something caught her eye - a small silver amulet that was hanging from a chain around her neck. The dragon's image on it looked exactly like the one described in Sir Gareth's journal...

Moira stared at the amulet for a moment, then took it off and put it into her pocket. She had no idea how or why she ended up with such an object, but if there was even a chance that this artifact could grant her immortality, she wasn't going to let it go to waste!

She went over to the library shelves again and began looking for something else. There were hundreds of different magical items in here; some would be useful for fighting dragons, others might give her other powers... But where should she start? How was she supposed to know which ones were worth looking at?