umas possible, while each skirmish became more brutal and desperate. All of the battles had been lost by the end of the third year. At that point, the forces of Queltica began to fight with greater fervor but were not able to hold the enemy back, until at the end of the fourth year, the forces of Ol were stopped. The last battle of this war was fought between the combined armies of Ol and the Scorched King, and that of the forces of Queltica, led by General Rathgar. At this point, the forces of the Scorched King began to retreat with some degree of haste, but not without a final attempt at total annihilation.
 
 The fifth year saw many skirmishes as Ol fought with his former ally, trying to stop the retreat of the Scorched King. Most of these battles were fought on land, with neither force gaining any advantage over the other. Ol was unable to fully mobilize against a foe that seemed intent on total annihilation, and was unwilling to sacrifice men and women to the cause. His forces were also suffering from a lack of support from his former ally, and thus many soldiers began to desert in small groups, returning home to their families. This was not uncommon, as the soldiers felt that they had lost faith in the leadership, and thus their battle-fatigue set in long before this point in time.
 
 The forces of Ol continued to fight against a seemingly endless army, with no clear victor or loser. It was during the sixth year that things began to change, however, as more and more soldiers of both armies began to desert. At this point, Ol had been left with a much smaller force than before, and his leadership skills were being tested to the fullest. It was at this point that he realized that he could not continue fighting against such an enemy without losing his army. He knew that if he lost the battle, then he would be defeated for good, so he decided to make a stand.
 
 During the seventh year, Ol and his forces were able to stop the retreat of the Scorched King's army, and at the same time he was able to inflict enough damage on their ranks that they were forced into retreat themselves. At this point, both armies began to withdraw from the front lines, but it wasn't long before Ol realized that his own forces were in danger of being completely destroyed. He ordered a withdrawal back to Queltica, and at the same time he sent word out to the other leaders of Queltica for help.
 
 The next two years saw many battles and skirmishes between both armies as they tried to find a way around each other's defenses. At this point, Ol realized that he would have to do something drastic if he wanted to win this war, and thus he began planning for what was to come. He sent word out again to the other leaders of Queltica, this time with a different message: "I will not stop fighting until one side is defeated."
 
 It was during the eighth year that things really started to heat up. Ol had managed to get his forces into position behind the enemy's lines, and at the same time he had sent word out for reinforcements from all over Queltica. The Scorched King knew what was coming, and thus he began to retreat his forces away from Queltica. The battle that ensued between both armies would be remembered as one of the bloodiest in all of history, but at least it ended without any major casualties on either side.
 
 During this ninth year, both sides tried to fight each other off while trying to keep their own forces intact. It wasn't until the tenth year that the fighting truly began again, and during this time there was a lot of destruction caused by both armies. However, at some point during this year, the Scorched King realized that he would need reinforcements if he wanted to win this war, so he sent out a message to all of his allies in order to get them together for an attack on Queltica.
 
 This eleventh year saw many battles between both armies as they tried to get each other's forces destroyed before the battle that was to come could begin. At this point, Ol had managed to get most of his soldiers into position behind the enemy's lines and at the same time he had sent word out for reinforcements from all over Queltica. The Scorched King knew what was coming, and thus he began to retreat his forces away from Queltica.