arse or face a penalty of up to 2000 dollars per person. Citizens who are not able to leave their homes due to being unable to move, will be exempt from the penalty. If you have any questions, please contact your local law enforcement agency.''** 
 
The city was in disarray, there had been a terrorist attack on one of the skyscrapers near the harbour, the area around the city was cordoned off as a result. The city was currently under lockdown for 24 hours and citizens were being told to stay at home, or face hefty fines. All of this was said in a robotic voice on repeat, playing through speakers which were installed all over the city.
 
The skyscraper had been struck by two planes, one from the side, the other flying right into it. The building had instantly caught fire and within 20 minutes after the first plane hit, the whole thing collapsed in a huge ball of flames and smoke. It was an act of war, that much was clear to everyone, but who was behind this? No one knew yet and as time passed and the death toll rose, there were more questions than answers.
 
The city was on edge, everyone was scared and paranoid. Nobody had ever seen anything like this before and it seemed as if the entire world had come together to strike down the city of New York. The city that never sleeps, was now a ghost town and there were rumours circulating that there was an alien invasion going on or even worse, that aliens had invaded earth with the intent to wipe out humanity entirely. 
 
The streets were empty for the most part except for law enforcement officers who were patrolling in pairs and groups of three, looking out for suspicious activity. It felt as if everyone had disappeared overnight, like they had all been sucked into some kind of vortex or portal, that would bring them back only when this was all over and done with. 
 
The streets were eerily quiet, a far cry from the usual hustle and bustle you'd normally see at this time of day. There was an empty feeling in the air; everyone seemed to have gone into hiding. The few people that could be seen on the street, were either walking fast or running for their lives, looking over their shoulders every now and then. 
 
I wasn't sure what it was exactly that I felt in my bones, but there was an ominous feeling that something terrible was about to happen and if there was ever a time when you should trust your instincts, this was definitely one of them. I picked up my pace and began running towards the subway station which was located not far from where I had just been walking around in circles looking for anyone who would talk to me or help me out with whatever problem it was that I was having at that moment in time. 
 
I ran through the streets with my heart beating faster than ever before and when I finally reached the subway station, I took a deep breath before going inside; hoping against hope that there wouldn't be any problems or delays as they were known for causing major disruptions all over town especially during rush hour. 
 
The subways were empty just like everywhere else in the city and it seemed as if everyone had gone into hiding or was just avoiding going outside altogether. I walked down a long corridor which led to the platform where you would normally board a train heading towards Manhattan, but all that was left behind now were broken glass shards from windows that had been smashed by vandals who wanted nothing more than chaos and destruction. 
 
There were two ways out of this place; one led me into what seemed like an endless maze of underground tunnels while the other looked promising but also dangerous at the same time since it was pitch dark inside with no lights whatsoever so I decided against going through there even though my curiosity got the best of me and made me want to explore every nook and cranny in search for clues as to what might have happened here. 
 
I walked up a flight of stairs that led to an abandoned subway station where trains no longer passed through since they had been closed off due to safety concerns after one train derailed causing serious injuries amongst passengers who were onboard at the time of this unfortunate accident. I looked around in amazement at how much things had changed since my last visit here; everything seemed so foreign and unfamiliar like it was all just a figment of my imagination or something out of some bad dream you'd rather forget as soon as possible after waking up from such an experience filled nightmare...
 
There were no people around anymore except for some homeless folks who had taken shelter inside this abandoned subway station due to lack of better options elsewhere but they didn't seem too concerned about whatever might have happened outside so I figured that it would be safe enough to stay here until morning came along and brought with it a new day full of possibilities and hope despite how bleak everything seemed right now. 
 
The only problem was that the homeless folks were already asleep on their makeshift beds made out of cardboard boxes and blankets so I had no choice but to find some other place where I could sleep too since there was nothing else left here except for empty space between train tracks and platforms covered with layers upon layers of dust accumulated over time due to lack of proper maintenance work being done on these structures which is something that needs fixing immediately before things get worse than they already are right now. 
 
I decided against going back outside into the chaos since I didn't want my nightmares coming true after all, so instead I walked along a long corridor leading out towards another abandoned subway station located not far from here but when I got closer I saw what looked like some kind of portal opening up before me and then closing again just as quickly without leaving any trace behind at all except for some weird vibrations that I could feel coming through the soles of my shoes which were getting increasingly difficult to walk on due to lack of traction caused by these strange occurrences taking place all around me right now. 
 
I was starting to get scared but didn't want anyone else knowing about this since it would just cause more panic among people who are already panicking over something else so I decided against telling them anything at all and instead tried my best not think too much while keeping track of everything that was going on around me right now which wasn't easy considering how exhausted I was feeling after running around for hours trying to find someone who could help me out with whatever problem it was that I had been having throughout the day. 
 
I kept walking along a long corridor leading up towards another abandoned subway station located not far away from here but when I got closer, I saw what looked like some kind of portal opening up before me and then closing again just as quickly without leaving any trace behind at all except for some weird vibrations that I could feel coming through the soles of my shoes which were getting increasingly difficult to walk on due to lack of traction caused by these strange occurrences taking place all around me right now. 
 
I was starting to get scared but didn't want anyone else knowing about this since it would just cause more panic among people who are already panicking over something else so I decided against telling them anything at all and instead tried my best not think too much while keeping track of everything that was going on around me right now which wasn't easy considering how exhausted I was feeling after running around for hours trying to find someone who could help me out with whatever problem it was that I had been having throughout the day.
User 0: So, this is just a really interesting prompt that I can definitely see as a series of vignettes rather than a story in one go.  It's got a lot of potential and some great imagery going for it.

The only thing I'd really change would be to add a little more description here and there, but that could also just come from a rewrite (or multiple)!