 said `` Wow. That was awesome!'' 
 
 Cassidy took his daughter's hand. `` It would seem that a family dinner is in order. We will celebrate your first victory, and then we can make our plans. Let me grab my wallet and keys.'' 
 
 Cassidy went into the bedroom with Francin and grabbed his wallet, his car keys, and a fresh shirt. He changed and came back out to meet his family. `` Lets go get something to eat!'' 
 
 They all climbed in Cassidy's SUV and headed off to the local burger joint. The four of them got the best seats in the house, a big booth with windows on both sides, and a view of the parking lot. Francin was at the window looking out as they ate, while Jackie and Cassidy talked. 
 
 `` We need to make some plans. I don't think we should stick around here for very long. There are probably going to be a lot more people coming after me.'' said Jackie. 
 
 Francin turned at this point. `` You want to leave town? Why?'' 
 
 Cassidy spoke up, `` Your mother is right. I think that we should move on for now.'' 
 
 Francin thought about this. She had grown so used to life in the suburbs. Her old school was just across the street from her house, and all of her friends lived nearby. She did not want to leave now that she knew what she was supposed to be doing, but she also knew how dangerous it would be for them to stay here. 
 
 `` I guess... I suppose we can go back to that old cabin again for a while.'' said Francin. 
 
 Jackie smiled, `` That sounds nice.'' 
 
 They ate their food and then went home. Francin was so tired after the fight she fell asleep as soon as she hit her bed. Cassidy and Jackie talked about what they should do next. 
 
 `` It would be best if we just drove across the country for a while, but I don't know how much longer I can keep this up.'' said Jackie, `` We'll have to figure something else out eventually.'' 
 
 Cassidy agreed, `` We will see how things go when we get to our destination. It should be pretty easy to find somewhere to stay.'' 
 
 They slept and woke up early in the morning. They packed their stuff and headed back to their old cabin in the woods. Francin had been sleeping for most of the ride, but she was awake now as they pulled into the driveway. She got out and looked around. The place seemed familiar, even though she hadn't been here for years. 
 
 They went inside and set up camp like usual. They ate some canned food and then Cassidy sat down at the table with his laptop. He began typing a message to his old friends from college, telling them what had happened. 
 
 Francin was watching her father when she heard a car pull into the driveway outside. She went to look out of one of the windows and saw that it was the Sheriff's truck. 
 
 `` Oh no!'' said Francin, `` Dad... What do we do?'' 
 
 Cassidy stopped typing and turned around to look at his daughter. `` I think we should just wait here for now.'' said Jackie. 
 
 The sheriff knocked on the door, and Francin ran over to open it. The sheriff was a young man in his early twenties with brown hair and blue eyes. He looked like he hadn't slept in days. `` Hello sir... I was wondering if you could help me out? I'm looking for someone who might know some information about the person that killed your daughter.'' 
 
 Francin blushed, `` Uh... Yes, of course. What can I do to help?'' 
 
 The sheriff smiled and then showed Francin a picture of Jackie. Francin gasped at first when she saw it, but then she recovered quickly. She recognized her mother from the photo. `` I believe that would be my mom.'' said Francin as she pointed at the woman in the picture. 
 
 The sheriff looked at the picture and then back to Francin. `` Is your father here? I'd like to speak with him.'' he asked. 
 
 Francin nodded, `` He is in there.'' she said while pointing towards the kitchen. She then turned around and ran into the cabin. She found her father sitting at the table with his laptop still open. 
 
 Francin pulled up a chair and sat down next to him. He closed his computer and looked over at her with a concerned expression on his face. `` What is it sweetie? Why are you so scared?'' asked Cassidy. 
 
 Francin took a deep breath and then said, `` There's been some trouble in town. The sheriff wants to talk to you.'' 
 
 Cassidy got up from his seat and went into the living room where Francin was waiting for him. `` What kind of trouble?'' asked Cassidy. 
 
 Francin looked at her feet, `` I don't know exactly... But they said that someone had been murdered.'' 
 
 Cassidy sighed and then sat back down on the couch next to his daughter. He put his arm around her shoulder as she started crying again. `` It's alright honey... Everything will be ok.'' he said while stroking her hair with one hand and wiping away tears with the other.
`` I know that it's not, but I want you to believe me.'' Francin wiped her eyes and nodded slowly as she hugged her father back. `` We can get through this together.'' Cassidy whispered into his daughter's ear before standing up again. 
 
 The sheriff came in just then and he saw that both of them were crying. He walked over to where they were sitting on the couch, put a hand on their shoulders and said, `` I know what you are going through. We will get to the bottom of this.'' 
 
 Francin looked up at him and smiled weakly, `` Thank you... I really appreciate it.'' she whispered back as they both hugged each other tightly before letting go again. The sheriff then turned around and walked out of the cabin. 
 
 They spent most of their time talking about what had happened to Jackie since she died. Francin told her father everything that she could remember while he tried not to cry too much himself. It was difficult for him because it brought back memories of how his own mother had died when he was just a little boy. 
 
 `` I know that this is hard for you, but we will get through this.'' Cassidy said as he wiped away tears from Francin's face with one hand while holding onto her tightly with the other. `` You are so strong... and brave...'' He told his daughter who looked back at him with red eyes that were beginning to swell up again. 
 
 They stayed up talking all night long until Francin finally fell asleep on the couch next to her father. It had been a long day for both of them, but they managed to make it through without any problems. They would be able to rest easy tonight because no one was going to bother them here at their cabin in the woods. 
`` I'm sorry that this has happened...'' Cassidy said as he hugged his daughter tightly once more before letting go again. 
 
 Francin smiled weakly, `` Don't be... We will get through this together.'' she whispered back before falling asleep again on the couch next to her father who was still holding onto her tightly with one arm while wiping away tears from her face with a handkerchief that he had pulled out of his pocket.
``It's alright honey... Everything will be ok.'' Francin hugged him back tightly as she tried to hold back tears once more before letting go again. `` Thank you...'' she whispered back as they both fell asleep next to each other on the couch that night.