ks in my grocery cart after I checked out.

I always said to myself, "I would never do this" or "I could never do that". I've always tried to be a good person who made good choices and decisions. But my life has recently changed so much that I feel like a different person.

Since becoming the primary caregiver of an elderly person, I have been forced to make many changes in my life, and have learned many things about myself and others.

I was raised by my mother, who always taught me to do the right thing and never to cheat or steal from anyone, as she herself never did. But that doesn't mean I haven't found it necessary to "break the rules" for the good of my mother-in-law.

Before becoming a caregiver, I would have never been caught dead doing some of the things I'm forced to do on a daily basis for this woman who has lived her entire life not being able to say no. I've learned so much about myself and others from my new position.

I've learned that the elderly are very manipulative, and that they can twist your words around in order to get what they want. They also don't feel guilty for lying to you or taking advantage of a situation. I have been forced to be dishonest with her doctors, pharmacists and even my own mother about what I do for the woman who has no filter between her brain and mouth and no clue how to keep herself safe.

I've learned that if I don't lie or cheat, I would end up in prison because of this woman. She has stolen thousands of dollars worth of medication from me that was meant to be for me or my elderly father.

She has lied to the pharmacists about taking all her medication. The pharmacist finally told me he wouldn't fill any more prescriptions because they were all going down the drain. I didn't have a choice but to lie and say I was taking them, when in fact they were being taken by this woman.

I am forced to make decisions that could end up in jail time for both of us if caught. When she has fallen and can't get back up, it is my responsibility to find a way to get her out of harm's way. That means lying about how she fell or why she couldn't get herself out of the bathtub or off of the floor.

I'm sure if I tried explaining this to the police they wouldn't understand why I did what I had to do, so I lie. The same goes for doctors and nurses. She is not in her right mind and can't give a reason as to why she fell or what she was doing when she got hurt, so I have to take the fall because someone has to answer their questions.

I've learned that there are good people out there who help others without wanting anything in return. There are also bad people who only want to harm you and take advantage of your good heartedness. You learn very quickly whom those people are, and I'm no longer ashamed or embarrassed to ask for help when I need it.

I have become a stronger person. I feel that my mother would be proud of the woman I am today because she would understand what it means to care about another person so much that you are willing to put yourself in danger for them.

There is no shame or guilt in being dishonest or stealing from someone who has no clue about anything anymore, especially when they are trying to do harm to themselves and others.

This is not a choice I made lightly. It was thrust upon me and it's something I would never wish on anyone else. But it has made me realize that I am strong enough to take care of myself as well as someone else.

I no longer feel like such an idiot for being duped by this woman because she doesn't know any better, but that doesn't make her actions right or justifiable in any way. All I can do now is move on and try not to let it haunt my life forever. I hope that one day we will all be able to put our pasts behind us and look forward towards brighter days ahead of us.

If you are caring for an elderly person, please know that there are others who understand how difficult this task can be, especially if they don't appreciate what you do for them. I hope my story will help other caregivers realize they aren't alone in their struggles with the elderly and it may give them some peace of mind knowing they aren't bad people after all.