 to say more? We were already on the bus to go home. But when we got off the bus, I went into the music shop, and bought one bass for myself.
 
 When I came out of the store, Ethan was waiting for me in his car. He said he needed to ask something from me, so we drove all over the city, in search of an address, which we couldn’t find. It was a long walk until we reached our destination: it was a small room that smelled like old paint, and there was only one bed, on which was sleeping an old man with a mustache and a red scarf.
 
 We entered the room. The man woke up as soon as we opened the door, and he stood up, his hands behind his back, in some sort of formal pose.
 “ Please forgive me,” he said, “ but I don’t understand why you came to visit me.”
 
 Ethan smiled: “ Oh, it is nothing important.” And he offered him the bass, with which I had bought a few hours earlier. The man received the gift and began examining it closely. Then he started playing a melody that sounded like something from the ancient world, but at the same time, very modern.
 
 “ You’re welcome,” said Ethan, who then took me by the hand, and we left. We went to a café near my house, and sat down there, in silence. I looked out of the window: it was raining. Then I remembered something that Ethan had said when we were on the bus: “ It suits your style. ”
 
 When we got home, we fell asleep immediately, because we had a lot to do during the next day. But I couldn’t sleep; and I thought of what Ethan had said on the bus. At first, I wondered how could someone who knows me so well, say something like that, when he knew that I didn’t know anything about music! And then it occurred to me that perhaps my friend was not talking about me, but about a kind of style or taste for music in general, and if so, then this is not exactly what suits my personality.
 
 The next day I went to the store where I had bought the bass. When I entered there, nobody greeted me except for the salesman behind the counter: “ What can I do for you today?” He asked with a smile on his face.