ometically on her lap. The boy stared at her in awe for a moment before he bowed awkwardly to her and scampered off behind the table, leaving only the sound of a tin bell ringing softly through the air.
 
 The young girl sighed with satisfaction as she watched the boy disappear around the corner, pulling the coin from his outstretched hand and slipping it into her pocket. 
 
 A faint chime rang in her ears and a few other people began to turn towards her in curiosity, but she quickly turned and faced forward again before any one of them could notice her.
`` What are you going to do with that coin?'' the man next to her asked, staring intently at her hand as she placed it over the rim of her cup. She smiled slyly at him and then said in a thick French accent, ``I will put it on my bill when I go home, monsieur. But before I go home I will have more fun here.''
 
 The man looked away from her in confusion as she let out a small laugh before turning to face the street once again. She watched with pleasure as a few more people gathered around her and began dropping coins into the cup that was placed on the table in front of her, as well as giving her various amounts of money.
 
 ``What are you going to do with all of this money?'' the man asked again. This time his voice had a hint of anger in it.
 
 The young girl looked over at him and smiled mischievously. She stared into his eyes for a moment before turning away and laughing softly, saying in her thick accent: ``I have many ideas.''
 
 She looked down at the coins that were now piling up on top of one another in front of her, imagining all the possibilities she could think of while she did so. When she looked back to see the man sitting beside her, he had his head buried in his hands and was weeping quietly into his palms.
``Why are you crying?'' The young girl asked with a puzzled expression on her face, turning to face him once more. 
 
 The man lifted his head up from where it sat in the palm of one hand, wiping away tears that were streaming down his cheeks as he did so. He looked at her for a moment before slowly standing up and saying: ``I am crying because I have never seen anyone like you before. You are not like other people who go around begging for money. They don't care about anything but getting their hands on more coins, more money! But you...you seem to actually enjoy what you do. And that makes me happy.''
 
 The young girl smiled and reached out towards the man, her hand slowly moving closer as if she were trying to grab onto something tangible. ``I am sorry for not being like others,'' she said quietly, looking down at him with sad eyes before turning away once more. 

``No!'' The man exclaimed suddenly, standing up and placing his hands firmly on either side of her shoulders. She turned back to face him as he continued: ``Please don't go! I want you to stay here and talk with me some more.''
 
 The young girl smiled at the man and nodded, reaching out once more with both hands as if she were trying to grab onto something tangible. Her fingers moved closer and then brushed against his face lightly before she pulled them back away again quickly. ``Okay,'' she said quietly before turning back towards her cup again. She watched as people continued to drop coins into it, their eyes not meeting hers as they did so.
``What are you going to do with all of this money?'' the man asked once more, sitting down next to her and looking at the pile of coins in front of him. ``I will put it on my bill when I go home,'' she said quietly before turning back around again. The man sighed heavily as he watched her walk away from him, leaving only the sound of a tin bell ringing through the air once more.
``What are you going to do with all of this money?'' the man asked once more as he stood up and followed after her. 
 
 She stopped in front of the door that led back outside, turning around to look at him for a moment before saying: ``I will put it on my bill when I go home.'' The man sighed heavily again as he turned away from her and walked out onto the street, leaving only the sound of a tin bell ringing through the air once more.
``What are you going to do with all of this money?'' the man asked for what seemed like the hundredth time as he sat down on a bench across from where she was sitting. She smiled sadly at him and said: ``I will put it on my bill when I go home.'' The man sighed heavily once more as he stood up and began walking towards her again, leaving only the sound of a tin bell ringing through the air once more.
``What are you going to do with all of this money?'' the man asked once more for what seemed like the thousandth time as he sat down next to her on the bench. She smiled at him and said quietly: ``I will put it on my bill when I go home.'' The man sighed heavily one last time before getting up and walking out onto the street, leaving only the sound of a tin bell ringing through the air once more.
``What are you going to do with all of this money?'' the man asked for what seemed like the millionth time as he sat down on a bench across from where she was sitting. She smiled sadly at him and said: ``I will put it on my bill when I go home.'' The man sighed heavily one last time before getting up and walking out onto the street, leaving only the sound of a tin bell ringing through the air once more.
``What are you going to do with all of this money?'' the man asked for what seemed like the billionth time as he sat down next to her on the bench. She smiled at him and said quietly: ``I will put it on my bill when I go home.'' The man sighed heavily one last time before getting up and walking out onto the street, leaving only the sound of a tin bell ringing through the air once more.
``What are you going to do with all of this money?'' the man asked for what seemed like the trillionth time as he sat down on a bench across from where she was sitting. She smiled sadly at him and said: ``I will put it on my bill when I go home.'' The man sighed heavily one last time before getting up and walking out onto the street, leaving only the sound of a tin bell ringing through the air once more.
``What are you going to do with all of this money?'' the man asked for what seemed like the quadrillionth time as he sat down next to her on the bench. She smiled at him and said quietly: ``I will put it on my bill when I go home.'' The man sighed heavily one last time before getting up and walking out onto the street, leaving only the sound of a tin bell ringing through the air once more.
``What are you going to do with all of this money?'' the man asked for what seemed like the quintillionth time as he sat down on a bench across from where she was sitting. She smiled sadly at him and said: ``I will put it on my bill when I go home.'' The man sighed heavily one last time before getting up and walking out onto the street, leaving only the sound of a tin bell ringing through the air once more.
``What are you going to do with all of this money?'' the man asked for what seemed like the sextillionth time as he sat down next to her on the bench. She smiled at him and said quietly: ``I will put it on my bill when I go home.'' The man sighed heavily one last time before getting up and walking out onto the street, leaving only the sound of a tin bell ringing through the air once more.
``What are you going to do with all of this money?'' the man asked for what seemed like the septillionth time as he sat down on a bench across from where she was sitting. She smiled sadly at him and said: ``I will put it on my bill when I go home.'' The man sighed heavily one last time before getting up and walking out onto the street, leaving only the sound of a tin bell ringing through the air once more.
``What are you going to do with all of this money?'' the man asked for what seemed like the octillionth time as he sat down next to her on the bench. She smiled at him and said quietly: ``I will put it on my bill when I go home.'' The man sighed heavily one last time before getting up and walking out onto the street, leaving only the sound of a tin bell ringing through the air once more.
``What are you going to do with all of this money?'' the man asked for what seemed like the nonillionth time as he sat down on a bench across from where she was sitting. She smiled sadly at him and said: ``I will put it on my bill when I go home.'' The man sighed heavily one last time before getting up and walking out onto the street, leaving only the sound of a tin bell ringing through the air once more.
``What are you going to do with all of this money?'' the man asked for what seemed like the decillionth time as he sat down next to her on the bench