irens went off in my head. The song was the same one that my parents had been belting out for 33 years on my birthday, but this time I couldn’t escape it. My brother and sister joined in and before I knew it I was hugged to death by people singing to me. It all happened so fast that I hadn’t even realized what day it was. I had been so absorbed with my studies over the last few months that the entire year had flown by without me realizing it. My 24^{th} birthday party was a sobering reminder of how quickly time flies.

We are often told that time is running out and we have to make the most of it, but it’s not until you grow up and have your own family that you realize what an important commodity time actually is. My wife and I have three small children, so our life revolves around them. If there’s something going on in their lives then my schedule changes accordingly. Sometimes we are forced to miss out on a fun activity because of a child’s appointment or a sickness, but at the end of the day that is what’s most important and I wouldn’t trade it for anything in the world.

As I sit down to write this article I am reminded of something else that we tend to take for granted as well; time to write. We all know how valuable our writing time is, but often life gets in the way. There are times when I have a story due and my daughter will fall ill at the last minute. While it’s important that I make sure she’s okay, this takes time away from what I want to do. But I think it was Mark Twain who said, “When you find a good story, don’t let go until you can write it.”

We are all told to write every day and that our stories need to be written in order of importance. We should always write about what’s most important first, then move on to what is less important. However, sometimes what we consider most important isn’t the best thing for us to do at the time. There have been times where I have had a story due and I was not able to get it written because something more important came up. At those times I would often feel like I had failed at being an author. But I realized that by doing so I made my family a priority, which is what really matters in the long run.

When you write for a living, your time is not your own. You can’t decide how much of it to give to writing and how much of it should be devoted to other things. Writing takes up most of our waking moments, so we have to find ways around this problem if we want to make sure that we don’t neglect those who are most important in our lives.

As a parent, you need to keep your children first before anything else. If something needs done for them then do it. Even if you have an article due and it means missing out on family time, make sure you take care of what is necessary at that moment because those who are most important in your life will understand what’s going on and how busy you are trying to be a good writer and parent at the same time.