1920's. Everything from the clothes to the buildings and everything else.

I lived in a large house with a family that owned the entire block around my home. They were kind and let me live with them for free but I still had to work and they needed someone who could do a lot of things. They made me a maid, gardener, seamstress, chef, nanny and their daughter's personal servant all in one.

I thought it was unfair; I didn't mind being a maid, gardener or even a chef but a seamstress? That took some skill that I simply did not have! It wasn't as if I could just run to my local fabric shop and buy some new patterns. Most of the time I had to make the patterns from scratch since they were always going out of style.

I never got any thank you from them, other than a pat on the head and sometimes they would give me their leftovers. I didn't care though; it was better than my life in Japan where I was working part time at a book store for less money. Besides the family members were nice to me, well, except for Miss Belle. She wasn't really nice to me and she called me stupid for making mistakes as a maid.

Sometimes she would just look at me like I was nothing more than her personal doll or something; it made me feel kind of awkward. Like the way that people treated those robots they had during World War 2 but that wasn't quite right either since those robots were for war and could have been used as weapons!

I never really found out why I was here in this world, or even how I got here in the first place. All I knew was that it was not my home any more; Japan was gone and all that remained of me was a small bag with some money in it. I would have had no one to tell this story to back then but now I do!

I'm glad I decided to move here because if I hadn't then there wouldn't be anything for anyone else to read!

## The Day I Got Hitched (and other things)

The day began with me waking up earlier than usual, as per my father-in-law's request. He said that it was his daughter's wedding and wanted everything perfect! I never knew what he meant by 'perfect', but he seemed to be quite the perfectionist since he had told us off for making some mistakes before we were married.

"Good morning, sir." I greeted as soon as I stepped into the dining room.

My father-in-law gave a nod of approval before he told me to go and get his daughter ready for her big day. I nodded and ran back up the stairs to my room so that I could get myself dressed in time for the wedding! It had been a while since I last saw Miss Belle, but I knew that she was going to be in another part of the house getting herself dressed as well; this meant that it would take longer for us to finish getting ourselves ready.

Once I had changed into my wedding dress (which was not like the ones they wore back home), I ran downstairs again so that I could see if Miss Belle had finished yet! She had just gotten out of bed and was now brushing her hair; she didn't seem too happy to be getting married either.

"Good morning, miss." I said as soon as she looked up from the mirror.

She gave me a nod before going back to combing through her hair with her brush. Once that was done, she got dressed into her wedding dress and came downstairs with me so that we could go outside! The sun had just started to rise which meant that we had about ten more minutes before we would have to start walking down the aisle; I hoped everything went smoothly for everyone involved!

When I first saw my future husband waiting for us at the end of the driveway, I almost stopped breathing because he was so handsome! He had short brown hair with green eyes and was wearing black pants with a white shirt underneath it all. It looked like he had just come back from work or something similar since his clothes were still wrinkled!

"Good morning." My future husband greeted as soon as we got near him.

He took my hand in both of his before pulling me closer towards him; I blushed at how nice he was being towards me even though it had been a while since we last saw each other! He leaned in and kissed my cheek which made me blush even more than usual because there were so many people around us watching everything go by!

Once our lips finally parted from each other again, my father-in-law came over with Miss Belle behind him; they both had big smiles on their faces because it was time for the wedding ceremony to begin. We all got into position and waited for my future husband's best man (a guy that looked like he could have been one of his brothers) to come up and give a speech before everything could start!

Once that happened though, I had no idea what else there would be besides us standing there with each other; nothing really changed after that moment except for how nervous my future husband started acting around me (and Miss Belle too!). It was like he knew something bad was going to happen or something similar because of how tense his muscles were getting as time went on.

When the time finally came for us all to say our vows and exchange rings, I felt a bit sad since this meant that it would be over soon enough! My future husband gave me one last kiss before we walked down the aisle together while everyone else looked on with smiles on their faces. We had done everything right; it was perfect!

When my future husband started talking again though (after he took off his jacket), things started getting weird really quick since he kept saying that he wanted us to be happy even if we never got married again. It was a bit odd because of how sudden this change in personality was but I still tried my best not to say anything about it!

Once the wedding was over though and all our family members had gone home, it was just me and Miss Belle left in this house together! We didn't really know what else we could do besides get married since that would make things so much easier for both of us; my future husband didn't even want to talk about how weird he had been acting earlier on during the ceremony!

Once my future husband came back with some paperwork that needed signing, Miss Belle and I went upstairs where there was a table waiting for us. It felt strange being married now since neither of us were used to this lifestyle yet; we didn't even know how we would go about living together! But at least it meant that things would finally change around here soon enough which was good enough for both of us at the moment.

Once all our documents had been signed, my future husband came back down and gave Miss Belle a big hug before they walked out of the house together; she seemed really happy about being married even though I didn't see any signs of this from her earlier on during the ceremony! She was probably just glad that things were finally over because it meant that we could go back home now too.

Once everything got settled down enough so that we wouldn't have anymore interruptions, Miss Belle told me about how she had been thinking lately since I asked if there was anything else I could help her with before we left! She wanted to know more about me and what I had done in the past because even though it wasn't really important right now, maybe one day it would be?

I told her everything that happened to me during my time in this world but she didn't seem too interested after hearing how I first got here; she just kept asking questions about my life back home instead. It was a bit strange because of how different we both were from each other, especially since we had just gotten married recently! But at least it meant that our relationship would grow stronger now which was good enough for me anyway.

Once everything had been explained to Miss Belle though and all her questions were answered, I finally got my chance to ask some questions of my own too! She didn't seem very interested in answering them at first but after some convincing she finally gave me a few answers that helped me out quite a bit. It was nice getting to know more about her before we went home because now I could understand why she acted the way she did towards me sometimes; it was all just part of who she was!

I wanted to say something else but when my future husband came back with some clothes for us both, everything got put on hold until later since there wasn't enough time left before our plane left for home. I guess it would have been nice if we could stay here a bit longer so that things wouldn't feel as rushed but then again, who knows what kind of trouble would have happened if we did?

Once everything was packed up and ready to go though, my future husband took me down to the car where Miss Belle had already started it! She looked at both of us before giving me a big hug; I guess she really liked having her family around again even though we were only together for a short time. It felt strange knowing that this would be the last time we'd see each other since things just seemed so different now after getting married but at least it meant that everything would finally change back home too!

Once we got into our seats and started driving, there wasn't much else left to do except talk about our lives in Japan. I told them