 mere three feet from the door of my study was just icing on the cake. 
 
 I was already half-way out when the first ones stumbled through the portal, and the second wave started to spill through less than a minute after that. 
 
 With them all disoriented by their sudden transition and unable to speak due to the spell, it only took seconds for me to round up most of the males and shove them into the basement dungeon. It took longer to get the females under control, but I managed to do so without hurting any of them. 
 
 Once I was finished with that, all I had to do was wait a few minutes before their own portal closed up. That was easy enough to do considering the size of my home library and my extensive collection of books on a wide array of topics. 
 
 By the time the last portal closed, it was already late morning. 
 
 I'd managed to trap eleven males and fourteen females, so now all that remained was for me to see how well my magic worked against them. I had to admit, this was a somewhat more interesting use of my magic than the typical household chores I used it for. 
 
 The first thing I did was take out one of the males. With some help from the other nine males, I set him up on my interrogation chair and chained his wrists to its arms. From there, I simply had to cast a few spells until he revealed where his people came from. 
 
 After that, I switched over to one of the females, just because I wanted to see how they handled being captured. Sure enough, it took less than an hour for her to reveal information about the others and their location in this world. 
 
 The next step was fairly obvious. I rounded up all twelve of my new prisoners and set them on my interrogation chair, with me at one end and my spellbook on the other. Since I now knew where they came from, it didn't take long for me to figure out who would be the best candidates for the spell. 
 
 Once I found the two males I needed, I chained them up to their chairs. Then all I had to do was cast the appropriate spell and read my book. The first one went down quickly enough. It took me a little longer to complete the second spell, but he succumbed soon after I started chanting for the third time. 
 
 After that, it was just a matter of releasing the other ten prisoners and heading back to my study, where I had a warm shower waiting for me. 
 
 Once I got out of the shower and dried off, I headed back to the basement dungeon where I left all eleven of my new male slaves. All I had to do now was wait until they were fully awake, at which point they'd be able to answer my questions. 
 
 One thing that was definitely better about this spell than my previous one is that it doesn't require you to touch the person being affected. While this did mean I couldn't use the spell on women, it also meant I could now apply the spell without having to be touching the person while doing so. This made things much easier in the long run, since I no longer had to worry about getting caught or having my slave run away. 
 
 Even though they were all awake and ready to answer my questions, I decided to wait until nightfall before I started interrogating them. After all, it would be rude of me to interrogate them while the sun was still up, right? Besides, if they had any information about how their people got here in the first place, then I'd want that knowledge before I asked them about anything else. 
 
 At nightfall, I went back into my dungeon and began asking the slaves questions about their world and where it was located. They were all surprisingly helpful with this information, but none of them knew much beyond what I already knew. So instead of trying to find out more about the location of their homeworld, I decided to ask them how they had gotten here in the first place. 
 
 It took a while before one of my slaves finally revealed where they had come from and who was responsible for bringing them here, but once he did tell me, I felt like cheering. Not because I knew where their homeworld was located, but because the slave told me that the person who brought them here was none other than Krystal's father! 
 
 Even though I had just learned a lot of interesting information about Krystal and her family, I decided to wait until morning before interrogating my new slaves further. After all, it would be rude of me not to allow them some rest after all they had gone through this past week, right? Besides, there were still more questions for me to ask. 
 
 I'm glad I waited until the next day though because once again my interrogation session revealed much more information than expected. 
 
 For one thing, it turned out that Krystal wasn't the first person who had been brought over here from Earth by her father. There were two other slaves that he had brought over before her and they both told me exactly what happened during their trip over to this world. It was incredibly detailed information, but there was something about the way they spoke that gave me the chills. 
 
 When I asked one of them about their homeworld, he answered simply with "Earth." When I inquired further and asked which planet exactly it was on, he didn't know. Instead he just said "it's a planet like Earth." 
 
 That was when I realized why his words made me feel so uneasy. You see, Earth isn't the only planet that exists in this galaxy. It's actually one of thousands upon thousands of planets that orbit the Sun. Each and every one of them has a different name, but all of their people share common traits such as humanoid physiology and a wide variety of technological advancements. 
 
 So if these two slaves really came from Earth, then they must have been brought over here by someone who knew about my magic! In other words, the only person that could have done something like this was Krystal's father! 
 
 And now I was beginning to think he might actually be the man who had abducted me so many years ago. It all fit together perfectly! 
 
 If Krystal had been brought over here by her father and if she knew about my magic, then it made sense for him to bring others as well. After all, why else would he have kidnapped me? To use me for his own experiments, that's why! He must have wanted me to develop a way of traveling between planets so that he could go back home whenever he felt like it. 
 
 Of course I don't actually know if this is true or not. It might be possible for someone else who had been abducted by him to figure out how to travel through space, but considering the fact that I'm the only person who has ever successfully done so, it seems unlikely. 
 
 But even if it isn't true, there is one thing that does make sense about my theory. The reason why Krystal was able to find me after all these years is because she had been brought over here by her father in the first place. In other words, he must have known where I was before anyone else did! 
 
 So now it looks like there are two possibilities: Either I'm right and he kidnapped both Krystal and me, or I'm wrong and he only kidnapped one of us for reasons unknown to me. The first option is definitely more likely though, since it explains why Krystal was able to find me so easily after all these years. 
 
 However, even if it turns out that my theory isn't true, I still have plenty of other questions for my new slaves. For instance: how exactly did they end up in this world? Who is the man responsible for bringing them here and why did he do so? And most importantly, where is their homeworld located exactly? 
 
 Of course answering all those questions will take time, but since it's already morning I think I should start with the last one first. After all, if they know how to get back then maybe I can convince them to show me the way!
```