amma was there.
I remembered all the things that had happened over the past two years. Like how I found out about my brother and my mother being dead. Then I remember meeting this woman named Sharon who was my aunt. She told me she had to move me and my brother into her home because of my dad's drinking and gambling problem.
But, I still have that feeling of peace in me when I think of my mom and my brother. I also feel bad sometimes about how we moved out of the apartment and left my dad all alone with no one. But, I try not to think about those things because it just makes me cry and remember what happened.
I woke up from that thought. There was a nurse standing over me smiling as though I had just said something funny or something. She leaned down and said ``Good morning. You're going to be ok. Do you want to eat some breakfast before the doctor comes in? '' I nodded my head yes and closed my eyes. The next thing I knew it was four o'clock, and the nurse had awoken me up because she was on her way out.
I heard the sound of someone walking down the hall, so I opened my eyes just enough to see if there were anyone coming in. A doctor came in wearing a blue uniform with white gloves on. ``Good morning Mr. Williams. You're looking better than yesterday. '' She said as she walked over to me and placed her hand on my forehead to check my temperature. After she finished checking me out, the nurse went into another room while the doctor sat down next to me and told me that everything was ok.
I asked `` What happened? '' The doctor answered `` Well Mr. Williams. Your brother found you unconscious in your apartment with smoke filling up every room. He called 911 right away after trying to wake you up himself but couldn't get any response from you. I guess he thought that maybe it was a heart attack or something like that. We are not sure what caused the fire, but we do know it started somewhere near the kitchen area. '' The doctor continued `` We took him into surgery right away and were able to save his life. He's going to be ok though, and he should make a full recovery with no permanent damage or scars left over on him.'' I looked up at the doctor and said thank you very much for saving my life, but before I could say another word she was gone.
I laid back down in my bed and thought about how lucky I am to be alive today when so many others have died from fires or other accidents. I started praying again and asking God that he would take care of me because I know he is always there for me.