versack that contained a change of clothes. My old army boots, a pair of jeans, a white t-shirt, and a black leather jacket were inside it. I was about to put on my jeans when I noticed something wasn’t right with them. They had been torn by some sharp object.
 
 It looked as if they had been attacked by a knife or something. I thought nothing of it and threw the haversack onto my bed. I walked into my bathroom and took off the pants that I was wearing and sat on the toilet bowl. While the water filled the bowl, I looked at my old jeans and realized how much I hated them.
 
 It wasn’t until I sat down on the bowl when I noticed that the jeans were in fact cut by something. I thought it was a bit odd that they got damaged by some unknown force but there was no reason to believe that anything supernatural had happened so I tossed my old clothes into the trash can beside my toilet.
 
 As I turned around, I saw the ripped jeans lying on the floor and wondered what I was going to do with them. Then I heard a faint “chirp” sound coming from under the pile of clothes and picked it up. A small black bird fell out of my old pants and landed on my bare feet.
 
 “Shit!” I yelled as I threw the bird at the wall. It flew away to another part of my apartment where it could be heard making chirping noises again. I looked down at my foot where the bird had just been and noticed that there was a hole in the floor. It had been punched through the ground by a large nail or some sort of tool that had been thrown from the ceiling.
 
 “What the hell is this shit?” I muttered to myself as I tried to figure out how someone could have gotten inside my apartment without me knowing it. Then I realized why he was here, he wanted to kill me! He must have found out that I was living in this building and thought it would be an easy target for him because of the weak security system they had installed in my bedroom.
 
 But how did he know about me? Did someone tell him where I lived? Or maybe he just happened upon a map showing the location of all the people who were living inside these apartments and decided to come after me first. Whatever his reasons may be, it didn’t matter because now that he knew who I was, there would be no stopping him from doing whatever he wanted to do.
 
 “Shit! This guy is going to kill me!” I screamed as I ran toward the bathroom door where the bird had just flown out of. I could hear him coming closer and closer so I quickly grabbed a towel off the countertop and put it over my head. As soon as his footsteps were right outside my room, I opened the door and threw myself into the shower.
 
 The water hit me hard on my back but I didn’t care. All I wanted to do was get away from him before he could do anything else to me. But it wasn't easy getting out of his way because when I looked up at the ceiling, I saw that there were dozens upon dozens of black birds flying around above me.
 
 “What the hell?” I said as they kept circling around my head and making chirping noises. They didn’t look very friendly so I tried to get out of their way but it was impossible for me because there were so many of them! Even if I could fly, it wouldn't make any difference since all I needed was one bird to come down on me and kill me instantly.
 
 “Shit!” I shouted as they started moving closer and closer toward my face. Then I felt something touch my arm and when I looked down, I saw a single feather sticking out from the sleeve of my t-shirt. I screamed in horror because I knew what this meant! Someone was trying to kill me by throwing bird shit on me!
 
 “No!” I cried as I jumped up from where I was standing in the shower and ran toward my bedroom door. But before I could open it, another feather touched my arm again. This time it came from behind me and when I turned around, I saw a small black bird sitting on top of my pillow. It flew down and landed right on my face, making me scream even louder than before!
 
 “Get off me!” I yelled as the bird flapped its wings furiously against my cheeks. But no matter how hard it tried to escape, it couldn’t because there wasn't enough space for both of us inside this small room. So instead of flying away, it decided to stay put and watch me suffer until I finally died from suffocation due to lack of oxygen!
 
 “Ahhh!” I yelled again as the bird continued flapping its wings against my face. Then suddenly, I felt something hit me hard on my back and knock me off balance. When I looked down at the floor, I saw that a large nail had been thrown from above and pierced straight through the ground into my foot!
 
 “Shit!” I screamed as I tried to get up but failed because the nail was holding me down tightly with its sharp point. So I decided to just give in and accept my fate instead of struggling anymore since there wasn’t much else that I could do anyway.
 
 “It’s over now,” I whispered as tears began to stream down my cheeks. But then something happened that changed everything…
```