 I don’t know anymore.

I am still trying to figure out what this means for me, maybe that is why I feel nothing right now. Maybe once I accept it there will be a shift in my body and I will feel something, anything. For the last three months since I received the diagnosis I have had an overwhelming sense of hope and peace about everything. At times it has been difficult to live with the reality of what is happening to me but even then there was always some amount of faith that we would beat this.

As much as I hate to say it, there is nothing more to be done for my cancer except watch and wait. When I first received my diagnosis in March I had a sense that it was bad, that this was the beginning of the end. Even then though, I never lost hope. That is what is different now. I still have hope but not as much as before.

My doctor told me at our meeting last week that there are two ways to look at this, as a death sentence or just as a chronic condition. I don’t feel like either of those describe what I am going through though.

I see it more in terms of phases. We are currently in the phase of waiting and watching, watching the tumors grow and waiting for something to happen that will change our course of action. Once we get to that point we will be entering into the next phase which at this point could mean anything. I don’t know if the next phase is the last one but it is definitely the most likely possibility.

I am not afraid of dying, I am more afraid of wasting my life now and not doing what I need to do while I have the chance. As long as my body can tolerate chemo I will continue taking it indefinitely. At some point though there will be no reason to take it anymore, so for now I am taking every day as it comes and enjoying myself.

I know that sounds strange but what is the point of being afraid? What would it change anyway? All that would happen is I would miss out on all the good things in my life. I plan to keep doing things and seeing people, and try to live each moment to the fullest. Maybe then when this is over I will have a story or two about how I spent what may be my last months alive.