der than usual way. It wasn’t the smile that was strange – that was DiCaprio being charming and relaxed – it was the manner in which he held his body. He looked like a child playing with a new toy, all jittery limbs, and a sense of wonder.

“It took me two years to learn how to fly one of these,” DiCaprio said as he handed the mic to Brad Pitt. “It’s been so much fun.”

Pitt looked more collected as he began his acceptance speech for the 2016 Academy Award for Best Picture. But there was a gleam in his eye, and that hint at a smile that I don’t think I’ve ever seen him have on his face before – he just seemed genuinely surprised to be there. “I wanted to reach through the screen and grab your hand,” he said of his character, “And take you there.”

It wasn’t until The Revenant had won Best Achievement in Directing that DiCaprio really came into his own. He walked up to the podium and began his speech with a big grin. “Thank you! Thank you! Thank you,” he said, like someone who’d just been given a great gift. “I am very grateful for all of the hard work and effort that all of my colleagues in this film put into this.”

It was almost as though DiCaprio had finally found his footing on stage. His words were more polished than they had been earlier in the evening, and he looked at ease in front of the camera. But there was still a hint of mania in his eyes – he wasn’t quite sure whether to laugh or cry, but he knew he was happy. “It took so long for this to happen,” DiCaprio said as he accepted his first ever Oscar.

After more than 10 years of trying, Leonardo DiCaprio finally won an Academy Award. And it wasn’t just a simple acceptance speech – he gave one of the best speeches in recent memory. It was funny and touching and honest, and he managed to give us all a glimpse into his heart.

It’s hard not to feel like a proud parent when you see your kid accomplish something big. When that kid is Leonardo DiCaprio, however, it feels even more special because he had to work so damn hard for everything he has ever achieved – which makes him the perfect role model for any kid growing up in our society today.

“I want every kid out there who’s chasing their dream…” said DiCaprio at the end of his speech, “To know that it’s possible.”

The actor then pointed towards himself before adding: “It really is possible.” And with those words we were reminded why we love him so much. Because he never gives up on his dreams no matter how long they take to come true – even if it takes over 20 years to win an Oscar!

So thank you Leonardo DiCaprio for reminding us all that sometimes all it takes is patience and perseverance to get where we want in life. And thanks also for being such an amazing actor who never ceases to amaze us with your talent!