 lot. The only one left was breaking into a bank.

I took a deep breath and ran to the front of the bank. There was a huge group of people waiting outside for the doors to open. I walked up behind an elderly woman with a cane and a purse as she shuffled along. When we got to the door, she pushed it open and let me in first.

I smiled at her and said, ``Thank you.''

She smiled back and replied, ``You're welcome. It was nothing.''

Then she walked into the bank. I looked around for a moment as I was about to go inside. I heard a door slam shut from inside, but then there was an explosion. A huge man burst through the doors with a gun in his hand and yelled at us to get on the ground. He was dressed completely in black from head to toe except for his eyes.

I jumped into action, I grabbed him by the back of his jacket and held it tight while I started swinging my arms as hard as I could trying to knock him out. He tried to punch me but missed. Then he threw me off and I fell onto a woman behind me. She screamed in pain and we both fell to the ground.

I saw that the man had taken his gun from his waistband and was shooting it at us. I jumped up just in time for him to miss me by an inch and shot again. This time I wasn't so lucky. The bullet hit my leg and I felt a huge pain run through my entire body as if someone had stabbed me with the sharpest knife ever made.

``Help!'' I yelled at the top of my lungs. No one came to help, they just looked at me in disbelief. The man was still shooting his gun but now he wasn't aiming for us anymore. He was shooting random people in front of him and back again. It was as if he had gone insane.

I couldn't stand it any longer so I got up and started running towards the door where he first came out of. Then suddenly he turned around with his gun pointed directly at me. I froze for a second before realizing what was happening. He was going to kill me!

``No!'' I yelled as loud as I could, but it was too late. The bullet went right through my chest and I felt my body fall back onto the ground. I knew that was it, this would be the end of me.

Suddenly someone grabbed me by the arm and pulled me up off the ground. It was the old lady who had helped me before! She said to me in a low voice, ``I'm sorry son but we have to get you out of here before he comes back.'' I couldn't move so she dragged my body across the floor until we got near the door.

When we were close enough for her to see it she let go of me and went to open the door. As soon as she did, another bullet went right through her chest! She fell down onto the floor and died instantly. I was in shock for a moment before realizing what had happened. He shot me too!

``No!'' I screamed again, but it didn't help at all. He came running out of the bank towards us with his gun raised high above his head ready to shoot anything that moved. I looked around and saw no way out. I was trapped, there was nowhere for me to go.

Just as he was about to pull the trigger a hand grabbed him from behind and threw him onto the ground. A few seconds later he got up and ran back inside the bank with his gun in his hand. We had a brief moment of silence before hearing screams coming from inside. Then we heard footsteps coming towards us followed by a huge boom! The entire building exploded into a million pieces!

``That son of a bitch!'' I yelled, ``We should have killed him when he was young!'' I said to myself as I tried to find some sort of comfort in knowing that at least he couldn't hurt anyone else anymore.

I stayed there for a moment before getting up and running away from the wreckage of what once was my life. It took me several minutes to find somewhere safe enough so that nobody would try and kill me again. After about half an hour I found an old abandoned house in the middle of nowhere with no electricity or water.

I went inside and saw that it was completely empty, there were only some dusty furniture scattered around the place but nothing else. I looked outside for a moment before deciding to stay there for now until someone finds me. Maybe then we can find out who this man is and why he wanted to kill me so badly?

I sat down on a chair and waited for something to happen, but after waiting for several hours nothing did. It was starting to get dark outside so I decided to go to sleep until morning came. When the sun came up I went back into town looking for any signs of life. There were no people in sight so I began walking around aimlessly trying not to think too much about what had happened earlier that day.

After several hours I was starting to get tired and decided to stop at a park where there were some benches under a tree. As soon as I sat down I heard someone running towards me with his gun raised in the air ready to shoot! It took me a few seconds before recognizing the person running towards me.

``Please don't hurt me...'' I said quietly, ``I didn't do anything wrong.''

He looked at me for a moment then put his gun down on the ground and sat down next to me.

``How are you doing?'' he asked, ``Have you eaten yet? Do you have a place to stay tonight?''

I was shocked by how nice this guy was being towards me after what had happened earlier today. But I wasn't about to let my guard down just because of one man. I looked at him for a moment before replying, ``Yeah I've eaten and I have somewhere to stay.'' Then I got up and started walking away from him when he said something that made me stop dead in my tracks.

``I know you,'' he said with a smug look on his face as if he had just won some sort of game against me. ``You're the one who broke into my bank and killed everyone inside.''

I froze for a moment before realizing what was happening and started running away from him as fast as I could. It took me several minutes to get far enough away so that he couldn't catch up with me anymore. Once I was sure he wasn't following me anymore I stopped and looked back at the man who had been chasing after me before continuing on my way home.

I was scared out of my mind when that guy ran towards me with his gun drawn earlier today, but now all I felt was anger! He killed so many innocent people just because they were in his bank during a robbery? That wasn't fair at all and now it looks like he's going to get away with it!

I wish there was something we could do about this guy before more people die, but right now the only thing we can do is keep an eye out for him until someone figures out who he really is. I hope that person finds him soon because if they don't then nobody else will either and he'll be able to kill as many people as he wants without any consequences whatsoever!

I sat down on a bench under the tree and thought about my life for a moment before deciding it was time to go home. I got up and started walking back towards town when suddenly something caught my eye. A man standing in front of me with his gun drawn! My heart skipped a beat as I realized that this could be another attempt by whoever killed the other people at the bank earlier today.

I was about to run away from him but he said something that made me stop dead in my tracks once again.

``Don't worry,'' he said with an evil laugh on his face, ``I'm not going to kill you this time.'' I looked at him for a moment before replying, ``What do you want then?'' He just smiled back at me then pulled out two small vials from somewhere inside his pocket and held them up in front of my eyes.

``These are poison,'' he said as if it was supposed to be some sort of threat or warning to me, ``I know you have a son and if you don't do what I say then both your life and your child's will be over forever.'' I felt like crying right then and there but managed not to show any signs of weakness in front of this man who clearly had no intention of letting me live.

``What do you want?'' I asked again, trying my best not to shake or cry from fear while at the same time knowing that he was completely serious about what he said just a few seconds ago. He took one vial out of his pocket and held it up in front of my face before answering, ``I want you to tell me everything that happened inside the bank this morning.'' I looked at him with anger and resentment building up inside me as I realized exactly how much danger I was in right now if this guy really did have poison inside those vials like he said.

``Why should I?'' I asked, trying my best not to show any signs of weakness while at the same time knowing that he was completely serious about what he said just a few seconds ago. He took one vial out