 followers to greater efforts; on the other, the defenders of the temple to the Dwimmerlaik, demon gods of old that they claimed were the true divinities of the world.

The doors did not budge, but the Church was gaining an advantage in numbers. A battle plan was needed, and quickly. The defenders retreated within the temple itself, leaving their attackers outside, ranting and raving against the worshipers of false gods. One of them managed to get close enough to the doors to try to pick the lock with a thin bit of wire, but the enchantments on the door repelled all attempts to break it.

The priests were calling upon their deity, who they said would smite down those who refused to join his Church and would bless the faithful in battle. A cleric from the other side, however, spoke for his god as well – and that god was not amused. The churchgoers outside the door were suddenly beset by the undead: skeletons, wraiths and a handful of zombies. Some of them broke through the windows of the temple itself, but they had no real effect on the defenders within.

The cleric of the Dwimmerlaik spoke a word, and a ball of fire leapt out of his mouth and struck one of the wraiths down. Another undead creature rose up from the ground, and was then immediately attacked by the priests, who had been praying to their god for an advantage in the battle. They got it as the undead felled a priest with a single blow.

The defenders were getting desperate – they needed help quickly! The cleric of the Dwimmerlaik spoke his word of power again and created a pair of ghostly warriors who began striking at the wraiths with their ethereal blades. The priests and their followers tried to break through the doors, but still could not budge them.

One of the zombies tried to bite one of the clergy – a woman whose strength had been tested before on the battlefield – but she struck it down before it could do more than draw a little blood. A wraith flew into one of her companions and knocked him down, while another was repelled by an arrow from the ghostly warrior. The Dwimmerlaik cleric’s summoned ghost warriors continued their assault on the undead creatures as well, driving them off one by one.

One of the wraiths struck back at a ghost warrior with a powerful spell, but it was no match for the creature’s spiritual sword and it fell down to dust. The priests outside the temple managed to open up a rift in reality – a portal to the netherworld, which disgorged a pair of shadow creatures into the fray.

The undead creatures that were still alive, however, had their attention on one of the Dwimmerlaik cleric’s ghost warriors, who was now at death’s door himself. The cleric managed to keep his companion alive with an instantaneous healing spell as another shadow creature entered the temple through the portal, but he knew it was a last-ditch effort.

The cleric of the Dwimmerlaik spoke again and conjured up the spirit of a sword master from beyond the grave, who joined in the fray. The undead were driven off, their attack repelled by the cleric’s allies. But outside, the Church’s followers continued to besiege the temple, desperate to see the worshipers of false gods struck down.