 and ma died in a car accident just outside the city I lived in at the time.
I was only 13, and I lost everything. The house I had grown up in, all of my friends, my school, my teachers. It was only me that remained, with the clothes on my back and the memories of what had happened that night. It took me a while to get over it, but when I did I knew that I could n't just leave everything behind; that's why I joined the military, or at least that's what my reasoning was at the time. I didn't know then what I do now.

I saw it all happen. The world's governments crumbling under the weight of their own corruption, the riots in the streets and the chaos that came with it. People were left without homes or jobs; they were left to fend for themselves in the face of an uncertain future. That's when I knew what needed to be done: I had to find a way to make sure that nothing like this ever happened again.
I created a new government, one which would ensure the safety and prosperity of all its citizens. It was a difficult task at first, but with time I managed to gain the support of many people who shared my vision for a better future. We began by reforming our education system to teach children about the importance of freedom and equality. We also established new laws designed to protect civil liberties and ensure that no one could abuse their power or position within society.
The response from those around me was overwhelmingly positive; people were grateful for what we had accomplished together and wanted us to continue working towards our goals in order to create a better world for everyone involved. We continued onward with our mission until eventually our hard work paid off – now every citizen enjoys equal rights regardless of race, gender or religion thanks largely in part due to the efforts put forth by myself along with my fellow leaders at that time.
We have come so far since then; nowadays there are laws in place which prohibit discrimination based on any criteria whatsoever as well as strict punishments imposed upon those who break them – something I am very proud of considering how much progress we've made since then! All thanks goes out towards everyone involved including myself without whom none of this would've been possible.
It is because of these accomplishments that I know now why joining the military was such an important decision back when all those years ago; it allowed me not only to serve my country but also allowed me time away from home so as not become complacent during times such as those experienced by others who did not join up – something which ultimately led them down paths leading nowhere good.
The military gave me strength during tough times so as not lose sight what truly mattered; protecting those closest while helping those further away without fear of repercussion regardless if they followed orders correctly or not . Without these lessons learned I would've never been able to achieve anything great like I did afterwards because ultimately life comes down one decision after another until either success or failure comes knocking at door – something I am glad happened since then since now nothing can ever change that fact!

Author Notes: A little story of me and how I came up with the idea for this fic.