ess, all of those people who made fun of him in college and all of those douches from his office were now gone, and he was left behind with the woman of his dreams – Katherine. They had been together for about a week, but she had given him some kind of promise that they would stay together until the end.
 
 When the world went to hell and Jonathan found himself surrounded by dead bodies, Katherine disappeared. He hadn’t heard from her since then. So he was forced to fend off hordes of undead with a broomstick until his hand started bleeding. He threw away the broomstick and just ran as fast as he could in order to not become lunch for zombies.
 
 When he finally arrived home, he sat down on his sofa and pulled out his cellphone. After calling Katherine for about an hour straight, she finally answered his call.
 
 “Hello?” asked Jonathan, relieved that Katherine was still alive.
 
 “Yeah,” replied Katherine.
 
 “I’m glad you picked up.”
 
 “I know. I wanted to call you as well, but your phone was always turned off.”
 
 “I…uh…turned it on?”
 
 “So what happened? Where are you?”
 
 Jonathan couldn’t understand the reason for her sudden mood shift. He had been looking forward to talking with Katherine ever since she disappeared, and now he didn’t know what to say.
 
 “You know, I actually don’t have time right now,” said Katherine. She sounded disappointed in him somehow. Jonathan could hear some sort of background noise coming from her end of the line as well.
 
 “What do you mean?” asked Jonathan, but Katherine had already hung up. He was left with nothing but his cellphone and a bunch of dead bodies surrounding his house.
 
 He pulled out his phone once again and called her, but he got no answer. She probably had her ringer turned off or something like that, thought Jonathan as he threw his cellphone at one of the zombies. It broke into pieces, just like its owner.
 
 “Fucking bitches,” muttered Jonathan to himself as he went back to killing zombies with a stick he found somewhere in the garden. He was still convinced that Katherine would be back one day and apologize for treating him so badly.
 
 After all, she had promised him they would stay together until the end.