rup with your breakfast?” Mom asks as she pushes a tray towards me. I shake my head no. She looks at me questioningly, “Are you feeling okay, hon? You have been acting strange this week. Did something happen?” Her face drops as I shake my head again. She gets up and pulls me into a tight hug, “Okay, then.” She walks away.
 
 I walk to the kitchen. Dad is sitting at the table, reading the newspaper with a cup of coffee. He looks up from his paper as I sit down and takes a sip from his mug, “Did you sleep well?” I nod yes.
 
“It’s about time,” he mutters under his breath. I look down at my hands. A tear drops from my eye as he gets up, walks to the fridge, and pours himself another cup of coffee. He takes a seat back at the table.
 
“I’m sorry,” I mumble.
 
He looks at me with concern and sets his empty mug on the table, “Don’t be sorry, it’s not your fault. I should have done something sooner.” We sit in silence for a couple of minutes. He finally speaks again, “I’m going to go take care of some things. You two go enjoy your day together.”
 
Dad leaves the house and walks down to his car. He takes out his keys and unlocks it. Then he turns back around and goes inside the house. I sit at the table in silence, waiting for him to come back. A few minutes later he comes back through the front door. “Did you forget something, Dad?”
 
“No,” he says as he looks down at his keys. He sits back down at the table. “What’s wrong? Did someone hurt you?” I shake my head yes. “Who did it? I’ll kill them.”
 
“Mom and dad, please just leave me alone,” I say with tears welling up in my eyes, “I don’t want to talk about it anymore.”
 
Dad gets up again and walks out the door, locking it behind him as he leaves. Mom comes back into the kitchen, “What happened?” Her face drops when she sees me crying again. “Just go,” I say between sobs. She nods her head in understanding then goes back to bed without another word spoken between us.
 
I walk upstairs and into my room. The sun is shining brightly outside of the window, but it doesn’t make me feel any better. I sit on my bed staring at the floor for a couple of minutes before getting up. I go back downstairs into the living room where I find mom sitting in her armchair with a book. “Mom?” She looks up from her book to see if she heard correctly. I nod my head yes then walk over to her, “I need help.”
 
She puts down her book and stands up. We walk together into the kitchen where I sit at the table waiting for her to come back with some tissues so I can dry my tears again. She comes back with a roll of paper towels. She places them on the table in front of me then sits down across from me, “What do you need help with?”
 
“I want to kill myself.” Mom gasps as she stands up quickly. Her face turns bright red and her eyes fill with tears, “Don’t say that! We will find a way to get through this together!” She says with determination in her voice as she grabs my hand tightly and pulls me into an embrace. I cry harder against her shoulder while holding onto her for dear life.
 
“I can’t do this anymore,” I say between sobs. “I don’t want to live like this.”
 
She lets go of me but continues to hold my hand as we walk over to the couch together, “We will find a way to get through this.” She sits down next to me on the couch and looks at me with concern in her eyes. “You know I love you right?” I nod yes, then start crying again because it was true, she loved me despite everything that had happened between us during the past few months.
 
I stand up from the couch and walk over to my bedroom door where there is a photo of my brother and me hanging on the wall next to his bed. “Goodbye little sister,” I whisper as I pull it off of the wall then place it on top of the nightstand by my bed before locking myself inside of my room again. Mom comes running back into the living room after hearing me close and lock the door, but when she tries to open it again she can’t because it’s locked from the inside.
 
“What are you doing?” She cries out as she starts banging on my door with her fists. “Let me in!” I don’t say anything back so Mom goes into the kitchen and grabs a knife off of the countertop then runs over to my bedroom door once again only this time she uses it against me by jabbing at my arm through one of the window panes that have been broken since last summer when we first moved in here. I scream out in pain as blood starts dripping down my left arm but Mom just keeps pushing harder into me with all of her strength until she finally breaks through and opens up a huge gash on top of my forearm which makes it impossible for me to hold onto the knife anymore because there is so much blood everywhere now that I can’t even feel anything else around me except for this intense pain running down through both sides of my body.
 
Mom backs away from me as soon as she sees what happened then runs back into her room where she starts crying hysterically while hugging herself tightly as if someone was holding onto her throat at that very moment which makes it hard for her to breathe properly. I look down at my arm once again and see how much blood is coming out of it now that there isn’t anything else stopping it anymore other than a small piece of flesh hanging on by a thread just below where mom jabbed me with the knife last time when she opened up this huge gash on top of my forearm which makes me feel even worse about what happened because now I know for sure that if anyone ever tries to hurt me again then they will be able to kill me without having any problems at all.
 
I look back up at mom who is still sitting on the floor next to her bed with her head down and crying so loudly that it’s hard for me even hear myself think anymore because of how loud she sounds right now but then after a few seconds, I see her start screaming out in pain too which makes things even worse for me right now since we don’t know what happened yet so we can’t do anything about it until someone comes over here soon enough to help us both out somehow but that won’t be happening anytime soon either if mom keeps acting like this every single time something bad happens to her then nobody will ever come over here again.
 
I walk back into my bedroom with the knife still in my hand and lock it once again before going over to my dresser where there is a mirror hanging on top of it which I use now in order to see how much damage has been done so far since mom just did this without even saying anything first like usual then she walks out from behind me after hearing me close and lock the door then she looks at me with tears running down her face once again only this time they’re not coming from fear anymore but sadness because now she knows what happened to both of us last night.
 
“I’m sorry,” she cries out while holding onto my arm tightly as if someone was trying to break it off or something like that then I look over at her once again and see how much blood is coming out of the cut on top of her head now which makes me feel even worse about what happened because now I know for sure that mom might not be able to survive this either since there is too much damage done already so all we can do right now until someone comes over here soon enough with some help somehow but that won’t happen anytime soon either if mom keeps acting like this every single time something bad happens to her then nobody will ever come over here again.
 
I walk back into my bedroom once again after seeing what happened last night because I have to try and make things right before it gets any worse than they already are for both of us but I don’t know how long that will take since mom has been acting like this for so long now without saying anything first like usual then she walks out from behind me again and looks at me with tears running down her face once more which makes everything even worse between us right now because we don’t know what happened yet so we can’t do anything about it until someone comes over here soon enough to help us both out somehow but that won’t happen anytime soon either if mom keeps acting like this every single time something bad happens to her then nobody will ever come over here again.
 
I walk back into my bedroom once again after seeing what happened last night because I have to try and make things right before it gets any worse than they already are for both of us but I don’t know how long that will take since mom has been acting like this for so long now without saying anything first like usual then she walks out from behind me again and looks at me with tears running down her face once more which makes everything even worse between us right now because we don’t know what happened yet so we can’t do anything about it until someone comes over here soon enough to help us both