resser in our master bedroom, but after we split up the balls ended up in my home office, along with most of my personal stuff.

My friend Chris had come by to help me sort through some of it, because moving was hellish enough without having to figure out which boxes went where. He was a good guy to have around at a time like that: he could handle the heavy stuff, but more importantly he could talk me down from the edge whenever I started to get too stressed or angry about something.

As I packed up some more clothes and books into my closet I felt a touch of panic. It had been just over two years since the split; a month from now would be my divorce date. My friend Chris was a good guy, but he wasn't there when it happened. He didn't know how much it still hurt sometimes to think about my wife leaving me after 18 years.

"You alright?" he asked from the doorway. I looked at him and smiled; he knew better than most people that I kept some things bottled up inside, so of course I was fine. "Yep," I lied. He gave a knowing nod before going back to work, and I turned back to my closet and started pulling out more clothes and books to pack away.

Chris had moved away years ago and we'd only reconnected again after the divorce, when I needed someone who understood what it was like to go through all that. We were good friends now; we got along well and he seemed to really care about me. Still, though... I missed her, and even with the best of intentions it wasn't right to talk about my wife to Chris or anyone else when I didn't need to.

I kept hearing the clanking sound behind me; every time I turned around, Chris was still in the doorway, smiling at me as if nothing were wrong. My thoughts were getting muddled, and then... a thought, an idea, suddenly came clear: Chris could fix everything. He really wanted to help out, he cared about me that much. So why not let him?

Chris wasn't there when it happened, but maybe he should have been. After all, if anyone could fix things between us, then who better than my best friend?

I felt a surge of adrenaline as I reached down and grabbed the tungsten balls, throwing them across the room. They hit Chris in the chest and bounced off him without a sound; they clattered against his head, his shoulders and his knees as he fell to the floor. He lay still as a rock, just like my wife used to when I spanked her too hard.

I dropped my clothes and books and ran over to kneel beside Chris, who was lying on his back staring at the ceiling. "Chris?" I asked softly. His eyes fluttered open and he looked up at me with a look of surprise; then his smile grew wider as he realized what I'd done for him.

"I knew you could fix everything!" he said happily, reaching out to grab my hand. I smiled back and nodded, even though he didn't know just how much it hurt sometimes to think about the divorce. "You were right," he continued. "I should have been there."

My hands reached into his pocket and pulled out the keys to his car, as well as a bottle of painkillers that I'd stashed away for safekeeping after my wife had left me. They looked just like mine did before she took them back when we split up; only now they were in Chris's jacket instead of hers, which was why he didn't think anything about it when I pulled them out and started handing them over one by one.

Chris's hands closed around each pill with a satisfying crunch as I continued to feed him more, until his eyes started glazing over and the smile faded from his face. He didn't even try to fight me anymore; he just lay there like a slab of meat while I took care of things for him.

The first time I had sex with Chris was years ago when we were roommates in college. We'd been friends for a while, but it wasn't until then that our relationship went beyond friendship to something more intimate; he didn't really understand what he meant to me at the time. After my divorce, though... well now he knew exactly how much he meant to me.

I stood up and undid Chris's jeans, pulling them off along with his underwear so that he was completely naked on the floor in front of me; then I took off my own clothes and knelt down next to him. His eyes were still open but glazed over as if he were dreaming, while his mouth hung slackly open like an infant's. He didn't move or make a sound as I reached out with both hands and ran them lightly across the tops of his thighs before sliding my palms down to cup his balls; then I pulled them forward into my mouth one at a time, sucking on each one until it was rock hard.

I could feel Chris's pulse thrumming against the side of my face as I licked and sucked at him; he hadn't said anything yet but I knew that he liked this too. He wasn't just some random guy I picked up off the street; this was Chris, my best friend since college who had been there when it happened.

I could feel his hips lifting up off the floor as he arched into me, which meant that he wanted more from me. So I lifted my head and crawled up onto his body, straddling him with one leg on either side of his waist. I reached down between us to take hold of Chris's cock in my hand; it was already hard for me, but not as big as mine was back when we were both in college together.

I looked over at the tungsten balls that still lay scattered around the room and smiled; they had helped me fix things with my wife by spanking her until she begged me to stop... now they would help me fix things with Chris too, just like I'd fixed everything else.

Chris was looking up at me with a confused smile on his face when I leaned forward and kissed him gently on the lips. "Are you okay?" he asked softly; then I shook my head before leaning in again to press my mouth against his in a deeper kiss. He reached out and touched my cheek, then traced its contours down across my chin to rest his hand lightly upon my neck.

I pulled back from the kiss slowly as Chris's fingers caressed me, feeling the tingling sensation all over again just like when we were both in college together; but this time it wasn't because of him, but rather because I was about to do something that I had never done before with anyone else... not even my ex-wife.

I took Chris's hands and placed them upon the sides of his head before pushing myself up off his body; then I leaned forward until our lips were just inches apart as I looked into his eyes. "You know how much you mean to me, right?" I asked softly, stroking my hand down over his chest as if caressing a lover's cheek or the nape of her neck. His hands slid off my shoulders and down along my arms to rest lightly upon them; then he nodded slowly before looking back up at me with an expression that was both confused and curious. "Yes."

I smiled softly, feeling the tingling sensation all over again as I leaned forward and pressed our lips together once more; this time there was no hesitation on either part of us since we knew just what we were doing now. I could feel Chris's hands reaching up to cup my cheeks as he gently pulled me into a deeper kiss, while his hips moved against mine in slow circles that felt so good it made me want to come right then and there... but of course that wouldn't happen until later on after everything else had been fixed between us.

I broke off the kiss once more just long enough to reach down between us again with my free hand, wrapping my fingers around Chris's cock as if it were my own before slowly stroking it in time to his movements. He moaned softly into my mouth at the sensation while I leaned forward until our noses were nearly touching; then we kissed once more as my hand continued moving faster and faster over his shaft until he was on the verge of coming.

I could feel him shaking beneath me, which meant that it wouldn't be long now before he lost control and came all over himself... but before this could happen, I broke off the kiss again in order to look into Chris's eyes once more. "Are you ready?" I asked softly; then I waited until he nodded slowly before pulling back and looking down at him with a smile on my face once more.

"Yes," he whispered breathlessly as I reached over to pick up one of the tungsten balls that still lay scattered around the room, then placed it between us so that its heavy weight was resting directly upon his cock while my hand continued moving faster and faster over him in time with his movements. He moaned softly again into my mouth before breaking off once more in order to look up at me as if he wanted something from me; but this time I shook my head slowly before leaning forward until our noses were nearly touching once more... then I kissed him gently on the lips one last time before breaking off completely.

I could feel Chris's hands reaching out to touch