 us? ” she asked in a disinterested tone. 
 
 “ I don ’ t know. I haven ’t decided yet. ” he said and then took out an envelope filled with cash. He put it on the table and watched as Latrina ’ s face lit up. 
 
 “ So, what is it that you want from us? ” she asked again. 
 
 “ Do you know someone who can help me find a missing girl? ” he asked. She was surprised at his request. 
 
 “ Do you mean, kidnapped? ” she asked. 
 
 “ Yes. ” 009 answered with a nod. 
 
 “ Oh, that ’ s not what we do. ” Latrina said in an abrupt manner and then pushed the envelope towards him. 
 
“ That was too easy. I thought you would say no. ” he said and took his envelope back. He looked at the money and then said, “ How much are you asking for? ” 
 
 “ $500,000. ” she replied without hesitation. 
 
“ Well, you don ’ t have to give me that amount. I ’ ll only need one million dollars to help you find her! ” he said with a smirk on his face. Latrina took out another envelope and put it on the table along with the first one. 
 
 “ One million? ” she asked, confused at this new development. 
 
“ Yes. But only if you want me to find her alive! If not…” he trailed off, but Latrina already knew what that meant: it meant that the girl would be dead by the time they found her. She took a deep breath before saying anything else because she didn ’ t know what else to say or do at this point. 
 
 “ Why is this so important for you? ” she asked, her voice cracking slightly from the emotions welling up inside of her as she thought about her own daughter who had been kidnapped five years ago when she was only six months old and still hadn ’ t been found yet…or perhaps even worse: maybe they did find her but didn’t say anything about it because they wanted money for their silence?

“ I have nothing to do with this. ” 009 said with a frown on his face. “ I was just hired by someone who wanted me to find this girl and he told me that if I did, I would get $1 million dollars in cash! ”

“ Who is your client? ” Latrina asked him coldly as she crossed her arms over her chest defensively because he didn ’ t seem like someone who could be trusted at all…or maybe it was just because she felt threatened by him? She wasn’t sure which one it was but either way, she wanted to get rid of him as soon as possible so she could focus on finding her own daughter again!

“ You know what? Never mind. I ’ ll take the offer even though it means risking my life for nothing! ” 009 said with a smirk on his face before he took off running towards the door, not caring about how much money he was losing by doing so…he just wanted to get away from these people as fast as possible because they made him feel uncomfortable around them!

“ Wait! Come back here! ” Latrina yelled after him but it was too late: 009 had already left the building and disappeared into thin air without even saying goodbye or thanking them for their time…or money, whatever that was worth these days anyway?