****ing go!''.

You open the door with the key you got off of the dwarven corpse in the main corridor, revealing another small room with an iron door on the other side and a spiral staircase leading down. You can see the outline of several creatures through the crack at the bottom. You hear more movement from behind you. It's getting darker here. `` I can sense something!'' Crapshaft warns you.

`` Well, whatever it is we're going to have to fight our way down there.'' Bruntus says as he draws his long sword and advances down the staircase. You follow him.

When you get to the bottom of the stairs, you find yourself in a small room with a wide passage leading away from you. You see that Crapshaft is not far behind you and that you have two dwarves in your party, both with axes drawn. `` I'll lead.'' Crapshaft says to you, stepping forward. The corridor continues for what seems like several miles, but you are not able to see the end of it. It is too dark and a thick fog obscures your vision. You do not smell or hear anything unusual until Crapshaft steps out in front of you and calls back `` Stop!''

You come up next to him and see what he sees - three huge tentacles sticking out from the ground right where the corridor meets some kind of pit. One of them grabs his axe hand as if it is looking for something. You are able to see that the pit is filled with slime and ooze of some kind, and a small hole in its side reveals what looks like an octopus-like creature with a large head on top of a long neck sticking out of the slime. `` It's got to be a Giant Cthulhu!'' Bruntus shouts as he steps forward and swings his sword at one of the tentacles, severing it cleanly in two. The others recoil as if they are shocked by this and the creature below begins to rise from its pit.

It is a truly grotesque sight. You can see that it has eight long arms with claws on their ends, four legs which end in thick round feet with suckers, and two huge wings with webbing between them. Its head is huge - bigger than your whole body! - and its eyes are red and glowing. It's mouth is filled with sharp teeth that look like they could tear flesh from bone in a single bite.

You have no idea how this monster can survive here but you will not let it live. You take out your weapon of choice and begin fighting for your life against the creature before you.

This entry was posted on Saturday, February 14, 2009 at Sunday, March 01, 2020 . You can follow any responses to this entry through the comments feed .