 he lived up in the mountains. The weather that day was absolutely beautiful, so I drove over there, parked my truck at his house, and started walking.

I walked along the mountain side, past a field on my right that looked like it had never been tilled or planted before. It was flat, about half an acre, and just grass, dandelions and wildflowers. The only thing that could be seen in this field were some trees and bushes growing here and there. The farther I walked, the more beautiful the view became.

I had never been this way before, but it seemed like I'd been here for a long time. Then I heard a voice call out to me from behind. "Are you OK?" It sounded like the voice was coming from one of the trees. I stopped and looked around, trying to decide if I should walk away, or investigate further. As I turned to go back, I felt my legs being pulled in another direction. Then a bright light blinded me for a second and I fell.

When I opened my eyes, there was an angel standing above me. He was tall and slender, with long blond hair, wearing white robes. His hands were outstretched, and he was looking down at me, smiling. The angel then bent down, and wrapped his arms around me, giving me a hug. I was shocked to feel his warmth as he held me, but felt nothing but joy as we embraced each other. Then the angel slowly stood up, placed both hands on my head and said in a soft voice, "Don't worry, you have nothing to fear from me."

Then the angel said to me, "I am here to protect you, I am your guardian angel." He continued by saying, "You are not alone. You have always had angels around you since birth. They can be seen and heard, but most people don't listen or see them because they are busy with their lives. They know they exist and they feel the love they bring to our world, but they don't recognize it for what it is."

The angel then said to me, "I am here to tell you that you can trust me. You have nothing to worry about when I am around, because I will protect you from all harm. I will stand by your side until the end of time if necessary. Remember this whenever you need help or protection." Then he smiled again and said, "Go in peace."

As soon as he said this, my vision went completely black. When I opened my eyes, I was back at home where I had left from earlier that morning. My truck was still parked outside my friend's house, but it looked like the sun had already set. There were no cars anywhere near by, and there were no street lamps lit up on either side of the road. The only thing that could be seen in front of me was a dark field full of tall grass. I stood there for a while and tried to make sense of what happened.

I knew that something extraordinary had taken place, but couldn't figure out how or why it did so. All I remember is seeing an angel standing above me giving me a hug, and telling me to trust him. He was smiling when he said this and seemed very happy about having found me. After thinking about what happened for days afterwards, I finally realized that it was my guardian angel who saved me from danger that day.

## A Guardian Angel’s Message To Me!

I don't know if you believe in God or not, but I do. And since He created everything, He can also protect us from harm and save our lives when we need help most of all. So just because there are no visible angels around doesn't mean that they aren't there somewhere. If you want to see an angel, just close your eyes and imagine one coming to visit you. Then tell it what you want it to do for you.

The next time something bad happens in your life, remember this story and try talking to the angels. They can hear us even if we don't see them or talk to them directly. So just call out their names and ask for help, because they are always willing to assist us whenever we need it. They love us unconditionally and will never let anything bad happen to us.

The bottom line is that we shouldn't be afraid of angels or feel uncomfortable around them. They are here to protect us from evil spirits and dangerous situations. And if you ever meet one face to face, just treat him like a friend and thank him for saving your life!