 remember the moment I got the phone call about his passing. We were in our kitchen, and my sister came rushing through the front door from her house next door. “Grandpa’s dead! They found him at home this morning!”
 
 My father was working in his office and heard her come in. He had known before we did. After a few moments of confusion we decided that we needed to get ready right away, so I could call my grandmother and let her know what was going on. She called us later that day to tell us that she wanted a closed casket at the funeral, but other than that, it would be up to us how to plan his services.
 
 My sister and I immediately set to work to try and find out as much as we could about the arrangements. There was no doubt in our minds that he’d want it done right, so there was no hesitation when my father said we needed a headstone. We knew what had to be done; we just didn’t know where to start.
 
 My mother had a friend who worked with her sister at an insurance agency. It was only a few blocks from where my grandfather lived in his apartment, so I went there right away. She told me about the insurance agency that her boss and his wife belonged to, but she couldn’t help us much further than that because they were on vacation.
 
 When we got back home it seemed like everyone was still trying to process what had happened, so after dinner we decided to have an adult family meeting where all of our relatives could get together and talk about how best to handle the situation. I don’t remember much from those days, but I do recall my grandmother insisting on a closed casket and that she wanted the services to be as simple and private as possible.
 
 We went through a few different options before settling on what seemed like an easy way for everyone involved: My grandfather would have his body cremated and then we’d have him buried with his ashes inside of his favorite chair in his home, which was right next door to our house where he spent most of his time anyway.
 
 When I think back on it now, that seems like the perfect solution for everyone involved because it allowed them all to do exactly what they wanted while still making things easy enough so that no one felt uncomfortable or out of place at any point during the process. It was also an extremely practical idea since my grandfather had never owned a car before (he lived in a big city and rode public transit everywhere), and he didn’t own much else besides some clothes, his watch and his ring.
 
 After we decided that cremation would be best for everyone involved, we went through all of the paperwork for my grandfather’s estate. My father signed all of the forms for me since I was still young at this point, but once everything was done it became clear how important it was going to be for us to take care of his remains properly in order to make sure that nothing bad happened while they were being transported from one place to another.
 
 My sister had already gone out and bought a wooden box with a lid on top, so we knew how much space she needed inside her car when it came time for us to pick up the ashes. She also made sure that there were no cracks in the wood where something could potentially slip out during transport, but other than that, everything seemed fine at first glance.
 
 When my mother told me about what had happened after she got home from work one day though, things changed dramatically. My father had just returned from an overseas trip and found himself without his wallet when he was driving back to our house later in the evening after picking up some takeout food for everyone else at dinner time.
 
 He knew right away that someone must have taken it off of him while he wasn’t paying attention, so we all agreed on what needed to be done next: We would call my grandfather’s insurance company and tell them about our plans to transport his ashes back home from where they had been stored overnight at the funeral parlor.
 
 They told us that if we didn’t have any special instructions or requirements then there shouldn’t be anything wrong with just sending them along as they normally do, which made sense considering how much work went into making sure everything was done right up until that point. We agreed and told them to send the remains home via Federal Express overnight delivery service so we could have them ready for us by tomorrow morning before anyone else showed up at our house trying to find out what had happened.
 
 My sister and I left work early so that we’d be able to go pick up the ashes when they arrived, but my father stayed behind because his boss didn’t want him taking any time off from his job while things were still in flux around here since it would probably take more than one day before everything got straightened out properly anyway.
 
 When we got back home that evening though, there was nothing left except for some empty boxes sitting on top of each other next to my sister’s car. We knew something must have gone wrong at the funeral parlor when they tried sending us our grandfather’s ashes because it didn’t make sense why anyone would take them away from us if they were being sent by someone else’s insured property already.
 
 My father called the insurance company again and told them what had happened, but all that got him was an apology for their mistake and a promise to try and send us another set of ashes as soon as possible since there wasn’t much left over after they were originally taken away from us.
 
 He then told me about how he had been on the phone with his boss when it happened, but his boss didn’t seem all that concerned either because he figured everything would be fine once we got back home again anyway. My father also said that if it wasn’t for my grandmother telling him to stop working and go take care of things instead then nothing else would have been done at all, even though she knew better than anyone else around here what needed to happen next.
 
 We were left with no other choice but to call the police after getting home from work that night so we could file a report about what happened while everyone was still there before they had time to think about it or do anything else about our grandfather’s remains being taken away from us like this.
 
 The officer who came over said he would need more information first though, which meant another day off for me because I was the only one in my family who knew everything that went into taking care of my grandpa during his final days, including where all the important documents were stored so we could find them easily if something happened while he was being transported somewhere else.
 
 My sister and I took turns telling him about what had happened while my mother tried to get through all her work at home before we finally decided it would be best for us to go ahead and drive out there ourselves instead of trying to wait for someone else who might not have any idea how serious everything really was right now anyway.
 
 When we got there, the police officer told me that they already knew about what happened because they had found out earlier that day when my father called them after getting home from his trip overseas so he could help us take care of things back here again instead since nothing else seemed to be working out very well otherwise.
 
 I also found out then that the police had already talked with some of the other officers at our local precinct who were still investigating whether or not we had any reason to suspect foul play when it came to my grandfather’s remains being taken away from us like this, which meant they would probably be coming back soon after I got home again so that they could talk about what happened with me more thoroughly before anything else got done around here too.
 
 When we finally decided to leave the police station that night though, things seemed a little better because at least one person out there was willing to help us get our grandfather’s ashes back after everything went wrong over at the funeral parlor instead of just letting them take them away from us like this.
 
 I knew it wouldn’t be easy trying to find someone who could do what needed to happen next though because it would probably take some time before anyone else around here could even think about helping us out when things seemed so complicated right now anyway, which meant that we might end up having to go through this entire process all over again once we finally got everything sorted out properly instead.
 
 The only good thing was knowing that if nothing happened for another few days then there wouldn’t be anyone else around here who knew exactly where my grandpa’s remains were kept either since no one else would have been able to take care of them as well as we did over the years before his death anyway.
 
 The next day I went back home and waited for everyone else to show up so that they could finally tell us what happened next, but all anyone seemed interested in doing was watching television instead because they didn’t want any part of this whole mess anymore after everything else went wrong over the weekend already.
 
 I tried explaining it to them again though just like before when we first talked about filing a police report so they could help us out with our grandpa’s remains, but nobody seemed interested in anything else except maybe talking about how tired everyone was from working all day instead of trying anything new or exciting around here either.
 
 When I finally left later that night though after getting ready for bed myself again because I figured nothing else could possibly happen anymore anyway besides whatever would come next tomorrow morning once we got back home again instead, there wasn’t much time left before everything went wrong yet another time since my father had