keye the fluorescent bulbs. They make me think of white lab coats and unforgiving hands that will not take my word when I say this is not a virus. This is the result of an unholy marriage between two substances. The sublime and the base.

I sit in the front seat and open the briefcase. The smell is so intense, it almost makes me sick. There are two small vials sitting there. One with a brown liquid inside and another one containing a white, bubbling substance that has a slight amber colour to it.

My eyes scan over my notes, making sure I have everything down on paper. The notebook is filled with all sorts of numbers and chemical equations. If I know what they mean, I will be able to replicate the recipe.

It’s been months since the first time I came across this strange substance. I was walking home through a small park in my hometown, just off the main street where the shops are. It was late, past midnight and there were no people around. The moon was full and it gave enough light to see without having to use the torch on my phone. As I passed one of those small wooden benches with a table, I noticed something shiny on top of it. Something that looked like a piece of glass, broken off from an old mirror or some sort of container. It was resting there on its own, not thrown away, but placed as if it had been meant to be found.

I picked up the shard and walked over to a small stream in the park, where I could see my face reflected back at me. The glass was almost clear, so there were no signs of age or wear. I held it up to the light and noticed a strange texture on its surface that made it look like some sort of fabric had been sewn into the glass.

I put it in my pocket and continued home. The next morning, I was on my way to school when I pulled out the piece of glass again. It seemed to be glowing now, but not in a normal way. More like when you touch something really hot with your finger and then pull away quickly so that only the tip of it gets burnt – like if there were two different temperatures within one object.

I looked at my hand as if I was holding onto fire or something equally dangerous, but nothing happened to me. It was just another day in high school, where I had to study for exams and think about how many hours I needed to practice before I could go on stage again with our band The Starlights (we’re not very popular yet though).

So when I got home that night after a long rehearsal session in an empty classroom at school, it was already dark outside. The first thing I did after walking through the door was put my bag down on the floor next to my shoes. Then I took out the piece of glass from its hiding place and went over to look at myself again.

This time though, when I held up the mirror shard to the light, there were no signs of glowing anymore…only blackness instead. The surface seemed to be absorbing all the colours around me now instead of reflecting them back at me like it had done before!

“What is this?” I thought to myself as I stared into my reflection. Then suddenly everything changed again! It started out slow, but soon enough everything in front of me was turning black – even my own hands and face…all except for the piece of glass that was still glowing brightly in between them!

I dropped it with a loud crash on the floor and ran outside to look up at the night sky. The stars were shining brighter than ever, as if they had been lit up by some kind of cosmic energy surge…and then everything went dark again just like before…only this time I was still standing there staring into nothingness with my mouth open wide in disbelief!

I think it might have been the first time that I felt truly terrified. A sudden cold rush of air ran down my spine and I knew that whatever had happened to me was not going away soon, even if I tried to ignore it. The next morning, I woke up with a headache like never before…and then everything seemed normal again!

I went about my day without any problems or strange occurrences until it started happening once more after dinner that evening – this time though there was something different about the whole thing: not only did everything turn black, but also my body started feeling numb and tingly from head to toe…as if all of me had been asleep for days on end.

I felt like I couldn’t move or speak properly anymore because nothing worked right inside my own skin! The more scared I got though, the worse things became until finally I passed out completely due to sheer exhaustion and pain…only this time when I woke up everything was normal once again as if nothing had happened at all!

I went to school in the morning like any other day, but something felt different – almost as if there were two of me walking around campus now…and then suddenly my headache came back with a vengeance: it was like someone had put their hand over my eyes and forced them shut while punching me hard enough in the skull that I couldn’t see straight anymore.

I tried to focus on what was happening but everything felt wrong – like something had taken control of my body and made it go through these motions by itself without any input from me…and then all of a sudden there was nothing! Nothing at all…just blackness again, only this time it stayed for hours instead of seconds.

I could feel the blood rushing to my head as if something inside me had burst open and released everything that was supposed to be kept inside – like the pressure in my brain had been building up for a long time before finally exploding outwards! When I opened my eyes again, everything seemed normal once more…but then again maybe it wasn’t? Maybe nothing would ever be normal again because whatever happened had changed me somehow and now I could never go back to how things were before.

I tried to forget about everything that had happened, but it was getting harder each day – like something inside of my mind kept trying to push its way out while I fought against it at the same time. The more I thought about what was happening though, the worse it got: soon enough I couldn’t focus on anything anymore…not even when someone was talking right in front of me!

I had a hard time sleeping because my dreams were becoming too real for comfort – almost as if they were trying to take over my waking life somehow. I knew that whatever had happened must have been some kind of trauma, but there wasn’t anything else I could do except try and forget about it all…until one day everything changed once again.

The mirror shard started glowing brightly once more, only this time when I picked it up and looked at myself in the reflection nothing happened: not even an inkling of blackness came out from between my fingers! I tried looking away for a second or two but then suddenly everything turned dark around me – just like before except this time there was no sign that anything had changed inside myself too…just darkness everywhere with nothing left behind.

I ran outside again and stared up at the night sky, but now it seemed even more beautiful than ever because now I could see all of its stars shining brightly! They were so many and they were all different colours: blue, red, green…but most importantly they were real!

No longer just a reflection inside of me – something that had been hiding within my own mind for too long…now the world around me felt alive again…and suddenly everything made sense once more. I knew what needed to be done from then on: keep looking at those beautiful stars while trying not to forget where they came from…because now I could feel them inside myself too – like something had finally been released after being held captive for far too long!

I went back home that night feeling better than ever before: even though everything seemed dark around me, it didn’t matter anymore because somehow I knew how to handle whatever was happening. The next day at school everything felt normal again – as if nothing had happened whatsoever…and then suddenly my headache came back with a vengeance: it was like someone had put their hand over my eyes and forced them shut while punching me hard enough in the skull that I couldn’t see straight anymore.

This time though, when everything turned dark around me, something strange happened…instead of feeling scared or confused like before (even though there was nothing to be afraid of), all I could do was smile! Because somehow now everything seemed so much brighter than before: not only was the world outside finally coming back into focus again – but also inside myself too!

There were no longer any dark shadows hiding within my own mind…just beautiful colours shining brightly from every corner instead – just like those stars that had been waiting patiently for me to find them all along. They knew how important they would become one day: not only would they help guide me through life, but also provide comfort and hope whenever needed most!

The next morning when I woke up everything felt normal again – as if nothing had happened whatsoever…and then suddenly there was nothing inside my head anymore either! Just like the world outside, now even my own mind was empty too – devoid of any thoughts or feelings except for one: joy. Joy because finally after so long finally everything had returned back into focus again!

I tried to forget about everything that had happened, but it was getting harder each day – like