 stomach was tying itself into knots and my eyes were scanning his face to see if it would reveal any sort of clue as to what he might be thinking about me. I stood there with a tray in hand that held a peanut butter sandwich on white bread, an apple and a bag of chips. My stomach was doing flips.
 
 
 “Hey, how’s it going?” He asked from behind his tray which held a bologna sandwich, french fries and an orange soda. I couldn’t look him in the eyes because the butterflies had taken over my vision.
 
 “Uh…good, good.” My voice trembled as he smiled at me.
 
“I wanted to ask you out,” He said confidently. His blue eyes held me captive for a few moments as I felt a lump in my throat and my cheeks turned red. He was so handsome; his black hair fell perfectly across his face, he had the most perfect jawline and the dimples in his cheeks made my heart flutter.
 
 “You did?” My voice squeaked again, I couldn’t believe that such a beautiful boy wanted to go out with someone like me. My acne scarred skin, crooked teeth and thick glasses were not nearly attractive enough for him.
 
“Yeah, do you want to go out to the movies this weekend?” He asked as we both continued forward in line. I nodded my head up and down excitedly.
 
 
 “I’d love to, just…um…what time are we meeting?” My heart was beating so loudly in my ears that I couldn’t hear his response, but I smiled at him and he smiled back. We both picked up our trays of food as the lunch lady told us to move on out.
 
“I’ll text you the address of where we can meet up.” He said as he carried his tray over to a table with his friends who were already chowing down on their lunches. I walked over to my table and sat down next to my best friend, Lisa.
 
 “He asked you out?” She asked as she looked at me with wide eyes.
 
“Yeah, he wants to meet up at a movie theatre near his house.” I told her excitedly. It was all I could think about for the rest of the day; going on a date with someone like him. I felt like the luckiest girl in the whole school.
 
 “Well good, I hope you have fun!” She said as she took a bite of her ham sandwich.
 
 
 The weekend came around and I was nervous as hell. What if he doesn’t like me? What if he hates my clothes? My hair? My personality? Oh gosh, I wasn’t wearing makeup today! He might think I don’t care about how I look at all! What if he thinks that I’m fat?
 
 “Breathe.” I said to myself as I put on a pair of blue jeans and a white t-shirt. I grabbed a baseball cap from the top of my dresser and placed it on my head before leaving my room to find my mother in the kitchen. She was stirring a pot of something on the stove.
 
 “What’s that?” I asked as she turned around and saw me standing there with my hair in pigtails, no makeup on and dressed for the outdoors. Her eyes widened at how I looked and she shook her head in disappointment.
 
“Its pot roast, it will be ready in about an hour. Oh! And don’t forget to call your date before you leave!” She said with a smile as I walked over to grab my coat off the rack by the door.
 
 “Yeah, of course.” I said as I looked down at my shoes, they were dirty and scuffed up from playing outside all day yesterday.
 
“It will be okay!” My mom said with a hug before letting me go. I smiled at her and walked out to call him before leaving. He answered on the first ring and I could hear music in the background as he spoke into his phone.
 
 “Hey, you’re ready?” He asked as the guitar strumming was louder than his voice.
 
“Yes, I’m almost there!” I said excitedly as we both hung up the phone and headed out to our separate destinations.
 
 
 The theatre wasn’t far from his house which meant that it would only take me about twenty minutes to get there on my bike. I got lost for a while, but after asking some people for directions I was able to find it without too much trouble. He met me out front and helped me lock up my bike before walking inside with him.
 
 “Is this seat free?” He asked as he gestured towards an empty row in the middle of the theatre. We both sat down together and waited for the movie to start; he put his arm around my shoulders and I leaned into him. His touch felt so nice against my skin, it made me feel warm inside even though we were sitting in a cold dark room watching a movie that neither one of us really cared about.
 
 “This is nice,” I said as I looked over at him with a smile on my face. He smiled back and continued to hold onto my shoulder, he didn’t take his eyes off the screen for too long before glancing down towards me again.
 
“I had a lot of fun today.” He said after a few minutes of silence had passed between us. I nodded my head in agreement as the movie ended and we walked out of the theatre together. It was cold outside and I wished that I had worn my coat, but it wasn’t too bad without it either.
 
 “I’ll walk you home.” He said as we both stood there looking up at each other with our hands in our pockets. I nodded my head before turning around and starting to walk towards his house which was only about two blocks away from the theatre. I felt nervous because I didn’t know what would happen when we got back there; would he kiss me? Would he ask if he could come inside?
 
 “You want to come in for a bit?” He asked as we stopped outside of his front door. My heart pounded in my chest and my knees started shaking, I wanted so badly for him to say yes but I was afraid that he wouldn’t because then it would ruin everything!
 
“No!” I said suddenly before turning around and running away from him towards the street where I could see other people walking around. He looked confused at first as if he didn’t know what was wrong with me, but then his face turned into one of anger as he chased after me down the sidewalk.
 
 “You can’t do this!” He yelled out while running towards me, my heart was racing and I felt like I couldn’t breathe! This wasn’t how it was supposed to go! Why did he have to ruin everything?
 
“Stop it!” I screamed as we both kept on going down the street with him chasing after me; people stared at us from their front porches or windows, they probably thought that he was a bad guy and I was running away from him. I wanted to scream out for help but then again maybe it would make things worse if someone did come by!
 
“No!” He yelled as he caught up with me; his hand grabbed onto my arm and pulled me towards the street, there were cars going past us on both sides and we almost got hit by one when I tried to pull away from him. My feet kept stumbling over themselves as he held onto me tight with a death grip around my waist!
 
“Help!” I screamed out before falling onto the pavement; people started running towards us screaming for help, but they were too late because he had already pulled out his knife and was standing over me. His hand was covering my mouth so that no one could hear what I was saying even though everyone around us knew what was going to happen next!
 
“Stop it!” Someone yelled as they ran up behind him and tried pulling the knife away from his hand, but he wouldn’t let go of it because he had gotten too excited by how everything turned out for him today! The knife was already at my neck when the man took it away from him and then threw both me and him onto the ground together; we struggled with each other as we fought to get free from one another.
 
“No!” He screamed before pulling out a gun that he had hidden underneath his jacket, he pointed it towards my head and fired! The bullet went straight through my skull and I died on the spot; everyone around us started screaming at him for what he had done, but by then it was too late because I was already dead…and so were all those other girls that had been killed by him over the years.
 
I never did get to know his name or find out why he did this, but one thing is for sure; he won’t be able to hurt anyone else ever again!