orsair city has ever seen anyone do this before.

"Oh yes," said his teacher, "This is an excellent way to begin your training." Kishua did not like being taken from his village. He didn't want to be a samurai. All he wanted was to see the world, and meet new people and maybe even some of those flying dragons they talked about at night by the fire. But no, here he is, in the middle of the city that had once been the home of his mother's great-great-grandfather. He looked up at the statue that still stood in the center of town. It was made of granite and iron, with a samurai holding an enormous katana on top. "I want to be just like him," Kishua thought, staring up at the statue. "I want to fly like the dragons." But he knew he would have to wait. He would have to go through his training, learn how to use his katana, learn the language of his village, and become one of them. That was his mother's wish for him. To be a samurai.

Kishua stood up straight. "I must get used to this," he thought, as he lifted his sword over his head, and began to practice his swings. He had heard stories that the samurai in those days would train for years before they could actually fight with their swords. He wondered if he was ever going to be able to do it. He wanted so much to be like all of the other kids in the village. They were all excited to start training and become samurais, but he had no desire at all.

"Kishua!" A voice called from behind him. It was his teacher. "What are you doing?" Kishua turned around. "I am trying to be like a samurai," he said, pointing at the statue of his grandfather. His teacher shook his head. "That's not how you train for battle," he told him.

"How do I train? What do I do?" Kishua asked. His teacher smiled.

"First, we start with our feet. Keep your back straight and keep your legs close together." He stood in front of his student and put his hands on Kishua's shoulders. "Now lean forward and raise your arms over your head. Slowly lower yourself to the ground so that you are kneeling down," he continued.

"What do I do now?" Kishua asked, confused. His teacher smiled again.

"Raise your right leg up in front of you."

Kishua did as told. He lifted his right leg and placed it in front of him. Then he leaned forward slightly. "Now place the tip of your sword between your legs," the teacher instructed him. Kishua frowned. This was not what he had been expecting. He tried to move his leg out of the way, but it didn't work.

"No!" His teacher told him. "You need to practice being comfortable in this position." Kishua stared at the statue in front of him. It was the same one that stood in the center of town. Only now, he was standing next to it instead of looking up at it from below. He realized that this was exactly what his teacher wanted him to do.

"I don't want to be a samurai," Kishua told him, but he knew better than to argue with the old man. If he wanted to be a samurai, then he would have to learn how to fight. But that was not what he wanted to do. He had seen his mother die at the hands of another samurai, and now here he was in this city where everyone was training to kill each other. "I don't want to be a killer," he thought to himself.

Kishua stared at the statue again. It looked just like it did when he first saw it. A tall man standing there holding his sword outstretched in front of him. Kishua knew that if he wanted to become a samurai, then this was how he would have to look. "But I don't want to," he told himself.

"Are you ready?" His teacher asked. He looked at the statue and smiled.

"I suppose so." He thought to himself. Then he looked up at the sky. There were no clouds, but there was a single star twinkling in the distance. Kishua remembered hearing stories about how stars fell from the sky sometimes. Maybe this was one of those times. Maybe this was the day when his life would change forever.

"Are you ready?" The teacher asked again. "Ready for what? What am I supposed to be doing?" He asked, confused.

"We must learn to fight," his teacher said, smiling at him. Kishua nodded. Then he raised his sword above his head and began to move it around. Back and forth, left and right. Up and down. "Faster! Faster!" The teacher shouted. He watched as Kishua swung his sword with all of his strength. Overhead, the star twinkled even brighter than before. Suddenly, a bright light filled the sky.

It was so bright that it hurt to look at it. Even after he closed his eyes, he could still feel its warmth on his face. Then there was another flash and another and another and another...... Until finally, everything went dark. Kishua opened his eyes and stared around him. He was alone in the middle of a vast desert. There were no trees, no people, nothing but sand stretching as far as he could see.

"Where am I?" He asked himself, confused. Then he saw something moving towards him through the sand. It was a horse, covered with sand and dust. As it came closer, Kishua realized that it wasn't just any old horse. This was a samurai! A warrior!

"What are you doing here?" The man asked when he reached Kishua. He looked at him closely. "Who are you? I have never seen anyone like you before." Kishua tried to answer, but found himself unable to speak. Instead, he pointed at his sword and began moving it around again.

"Is that how you fight?" The man asked, looking surprised. "You use a sword to attack me?" Kishua nodded, afraid to say anything else. He didn't want to make a mistake and end up dead. So instead, he continued with his training. Back and forth, left and right, up and down.

"Are you ready now?" The man asked, smiling at him. "Ready for what?" Kishua replied, wondering how he was supposed to answer that question. "I'm not sure," the man said, shaking his head.

"You seem to be very good with a sword though," he added. Kishua nodded again, then continued practicing. After a while, the sun began to set and the stars began to come out again. This time, however, they were not falling from the sky. They were twinkling in the distance, like they always did when it got dark outside.

Kishua watched as they danced across the sky, twisting and turning together. He felt himself being pulled towards them. It was a strange feeling. Like he had never been anywhere else before. He closed his eyes, listening to their music. The sound of their voices filled his ears like nothing ever could. He wanted to stay here forever, but knew that he couldn't. He opened his eyes again and looked around him.

There were no trees or people or anything else. Just sand stretching out as far as he could see in every direction. Then suddenly, Kishua heard someone calling his name. "Kishua! Kishua!" He turned around, but saw nobody there. Then he heard it again. "Kishua! Kishua!"

"Who is that?" He asked himself out loud. Then he remembered the man who had been watching him practice with a sword. "Could it be him?" Kishua wondered. He walked forward through the sand, searching for the person calling his name. After a few minutes, he found himself standing in front of the same tree where he had first met the old warrior.

"Hello," the man said, smiling at him. "I thought I recognized your face," he added, looking closely at Kishua. He was wearing a robe that looked like it had been made from animal skins. "Are you lost?" The man asked, shaking his head. "No." Kishua replied, confused. "But why were you calling my name?" The man smiled again and shook his head.

"I just wanted to say hello," he said, looking at the young boy in front of him. "It's been a long time since I last saw you."

Kishua looked at the old warrior again, wondering what had happened to make him forget who he was and where he came from. Then the man reached into his robe and pulled out something wrapped up in a cloth. He unwrapped it, revealing a pair of scissors.

"What is that?" Kishua asked, pointing at the object. "It's a tool for cutting things," the man replied, smiling at him. Then he took the scissors and began walking towards Kishua. As he did so, he reached into his robe again and pulled out another object, this time it