 last message I’ll ever record, if this is found, then I am either already dead or about to die soon. I don’t think anyone will find it, but in the event that they do, there’s a fair amount of info on here that should be useful. ” 
 
 “ It all started when my wife and I decided we wanted to move out of our home and into a new place, with no history or previous owners. We had heard some strange stories about this particular house, but we didn’t believe it, or at least she didn't. So, we went ahead with the purchase anyway, I was a little hesitant as well, but she persuaded me and I gave in. ” 
 
 “ The first night that we spent here I had terrible dreams; strange ones filled with terrors beyond comprehension. I’ve never had nightmares before, at least not like these, and when I woke up the next day, I could still feel them in my mind as if they were happening right now. I was too scared to tell anyone about it because I didn’t want to seem insane. ” 
 
 “ The second night was even worse, I felt like someone had ripped a hole into my subconscious and let these horrific entities through, when I closed my eyes, I could see them all around me and they would taunt me; mocking my feeble existence as the feeble human that I am. ” 
 
 “ By the third day I couldn’t take it anymore, I had to do something about these nightmares, so I went to a bookstore and found an old book called ‘ The Hidden Horrors of the Third World ’ by John Carroll; an investigative journalist who specializes in paranormal research. It was quite a large book with loads of photos and diagrams, but nothing really explained my situation, until I got to chapter two which talked about spirits that haunt people’s minds while they sleep, which was exactly what I had been experiencing for the past three days. ” 
 
 “ According to the author, there are certain ways to protect yourself from these entities; one way being meditation, another being prayer and even another way is simply telling them to go away when you see them in your dreams, but none of those methods seemed effective at all; if anything they got worse. I was desperate so I tried everything, nothing worked. ” 
 
 “ Then on the sixth night I had a strange dream, or rather a memory of something that happened many years ago; it was about my grandma who used to live with us when we were younger, but she died when my little brother was still in school and I didn’t remember much about her except for this one particular thing. She loved gardening and would often spend hours working on the plants outside our house; she also liked collecting stones from around town which she would keep inside a box next to her bed. ” 
 
 “ In my dream, I could see all these memories come flooding back into me as if they were happening right now: The sound of the leaves rustling in the wind and how she would smile every time she saw them move; how she used to talk about how much she loved gardening even though it made her tired sometimes; how she kept that little box of stones next to her bed because she believed that they had special powers, but never told anyone what those were exactly…” 
 
 “ As soon as I woke up from the dream, I realized something was different, instead of feeling afraid or scared like before, I felt calm and peaceful; it was as if all my fears had vanished into thin air. Then I remembered about the stones in grandma’s box and decided to look for them myself just in case they had any power left over from back then. ” 
 
 “ I went downstairs where she used to keep them and opened up the little box next to her bed…” 
 
 “ Begin audio log. ” 
 
 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --