ke out, trying to find my words. 
 
 Troy had been pretty angry all day, and I hadn't known why. It turns out that he was the one who got in trouble for the death of that one guy with the broken back. The others all thought that they would be executed, but Troy said it was only him. He said that it didn't really matter what the guard had done; if they tried to stop him, the same thing would have happened. It just so happened that he got blamed for it. 
 
 So here we are, in the Arena. The crowd is cheering us on like crazy as I am hoisted into a chair. My feet dangle over the edge, and I can feel my heart hammering against my rib cage. I have never been more terrified before; Troy had told me that this was where people died. 
 
 The gates open up and Troy is thrown in front of me. He stumbles into the sand, but quickly gets up and runs to my chair. `` Let's do this, Troy!'' I yell excitedly. He grabs his axe and pulls out a knife. He looks at the weapons and then back at me. `` Alright, Troy!'' 
 
 Troy rushes into the crowd of people. There is another person coming out from behind the gates. He's wearing armor on his body. His helmet covers most of his face; it looks like a lion. He grabs a sword and begins walking toward us. I grab the knife and hide behind Troy as we begin to walk away from the crowd. 
`` What do you think? '' he asks me, trying not to look at the knight in front of us. `` Um...I don't know.'' I say, watching him closely. The knight is walking closer and closer, until finally he stops right next to Troy. He puts his hand on the back of the armor that covers Troy's neck and yanks it off. 
 
 My jaw drops open as I see what is underneath. It's a lion head! `` Um...'' I say. `` What? '' 
 
 The knight looks down at me, and then over to Troy. `` Alright boys, who wants to go first?'' he asks them. Troy steps forward and the other person backs away from him. He doesn't even look scared; it almost seems like he's trying not to show any emotion in front of me. The knight stares at him for a few seconds before finally saying, `` Alright then.'' 
 
 The crowd begins cheering again as the two men rush toward each other and start swinging their weapons around. I can hear Troy screaming at the top of his lungs, but it seems like he doesn't care if I hear him or not. He just wants to kill this guy; he needs revenge for what happened last night. 
 
 The fight continues until finally both men are lying on the ground. Troy stumbles over to me and collapses in my arms. `` You did it Troy!'' I say happily as he looks at me with a tired smile. `` Yeah, but this isn't over yet.'' he says softly. 
 
 He gets back up and runs to the gates of the Arena where there are more people waiting for him outside. `` Go!'' I yell at him as he runs away from me. 
 
 The crowd starts cheering again, but this time it doesn't sound like they want Troy to win; they just want to see bloodshed and death. It feels like the whole world is watching us right now. `` Come on! Let's go get some food!'' I say as we run out of the Arena together. 
 
 We go into town where we find a place that sells soup. We eat our soup quickly, not wanting to be seen by anyone else in case they recognize us and start cheering for one of us instead of both of us. 
 
 After we finish eating, I see something strange happening outside. A large group of people has gathered around the entrance of an alleyway. As we get closer, I can see that it's Troy's father; he looks like he's been crying for hours. He's holding a piece of paper in his hand that says, `` Troy is dead.'' 
 
 My heart stops beating for a second as I realize what this means. My brother is gone forever...