 in black and was dressed like the grim reaper. A tall and handsome man, with an equally intimidating face. The first thing one noticed about him were his piercing red eyes. He had no facial expression whatsoever but there seemed to be an intense presence within him. He came up to a table where a small family sat, and asked them to come out. They hesitated at first but when he pulled out a gun, they immediately obeyed.

He then took the boy by his shirt and shoved him outside as if he was a ragdoll.

“Your family is now under my protection.” The man said in his deep baritone voice and left the café.

Agatha was already back on her feet when she witnessed the whole incident, she stared at the boy as he walked away from his parents. His face seemed familiar to her and she followed him out of the restaurant with a concerned look.

The boy stood on the corner of the street watching his parents leave the café. A tear rolled down his cheek. He had always wanted to be a part of their lives, but now he was alone. All by himself. His father used to take him along everywhere as if he was a small child but now that he had turned fifteen, they no longer needed him and so he was out on the streets.

He could sense someone watching him and when he looked up, his eyes fell upon an old lady with a concerned look on her face. She looked like she wanted to talk to him but something in his expression stopped her from approaching. He turned around, walked into an alley, climbed over a wall and disappeared from view.

Agatha sighed as she watched the boy enter an abandoned building.

She knew it was going to be tough convincing him to come with her. She had been observing this boy for quite some time now but he seemed to have gotten himself into a dangerous situation that only she could get him out of. However, she couldn’t just go and pull him back home. There would be a lot more questions that she would not be able to answer.

She spent the rest of her day pondering over ways of convincing him.

She waited till late night before deciding on something, she went into her closet, pulled out a black cloak and put it on, then she took an old rusted dagger from a shelf in the kitchen and tied it to her waist. Finally, she left her house with a purposeful stride.

“Kevin” Agatha called softly as soon as she entered the building.

“Who are you?” Kevin asked with a hint of suspicion in his voice. “I didn’t see you come in.” He added, looking around.

“I am an old friend of your family and I know them well enough to trust them.” Agatha said, removing her hood as she approached him.

Kevin looked at her in surprise, then turned around to leave.

“Please don’t run away.” She begged. “I know you must be scared but please hear me out first.”

The boy turned around slowly and looked into her eyes.

Agatha knew she had to convince him. She told him about how his parents were not the type of people who would send him off into the streets like this. They were good people with a lot of money who loved their children but unfortunately, they were being targeted by a criminal gang who was after them for reasons unknown. Kevin had been sent away because he was now under the protection of these criminals and so his parents wanted to get rid of him as fast as possible.

“So you are saying that I have been abducted?” The boy asked in disbelief.

“Yes. And if this man finds out what has happened, then both your lives are at risk.” Agatha explained with a concerned expression on her face. “He could kill you for no reason and I don’t want that to happen.”

Kevin nodded thoughtfully as he listened to the old lady speak about how his parents had been tricked into believing they were helping him.

“So what do you want me to do?” Kevin asked after a while.

Agatha looked at him with sympathy in her eyes and said, “I need you to come with me.”

Kevin sighed heavily and asked, “Where are we going?”

“We are going far away from here where no one will ever find us or hurt us again.” Agatha answered with a smile.

The boy stared into the old lady’s eyes for what felt like an eternity before finally saying, “Alright, let’s go.”

Agatha smiled and replied, “It is going to be a long journey but it will definitely worth it.”

Kevin nodded his head in agreement as he followed the old woman out of the building.

The two of them walked silently for what seemed like hours until they finally stopped at a bus station where they caught an early morning bus to a small town not far from the city.

After several hours of travel, the bus arrived at their destination. The boy and the old lady stepped out of the vehicle and Agatha smiled at him as she said, “We are here.”

“Where is here?” Kevin asked looking around confusedly.

“This is my home, where I grew up. It has been a long time since anyone came to visit me here but I thought you should see it before we go any further.” Agatha replied with a smile on her face. She took his hand and walked towards the old house which was located in the middle of a large field surrounded by trees and hills on all sides.

The boy looked at her in amazement as she led him into the house through an open door, which seemed like it had never been locked before since there were no signs of any damage or break-ins anywhere around. He was astonished to see how beautifully decorated everything inside was with antiques and old furniture from every era imaginable.

The boy asked curiously, “So this is your house?”

Agatha nodded her head in agreement as she led him into one of the rooms where there was an enormous fireplace built out of stone with a large mantelpiece above it. She turned around and looked at Kevin before asking, “Would you like some tea or coffee?”

The boy shook his head in disagreement and said, “No thanks, I don’t drink either.”

“I see.” Agatha replied with a smile on her face. She walked over to a cabinet located near the fireplace where she took out two cups filled with black liquid and placed them down onto the table along with some sugar cubes before adding milk into one of the cups while leaving it plain for the other.

She turned around again and looked at Kevin who was sitting on an old sofa that seemed to have been there since forever, waiting patiently as she prepared their drinks. She sat down next to him and said, “So you haven’t told me your name yet.”

The boy stared into the fireplace with a blank look on his face before finally saying, “My name is Kevin. I don’t know why my parents sent me off like this but I guess they had their reasons for it.” He took a sip from his cup before adding, “It must have been hard for them to let go of me.”

Agatha nodded her head in agreement as she took a sip from her own cup before saying, “I know how hard it is to let go of someone you love. But sometimes there are things that are beyond our control and we have to accept them no matter how much it hurts.”

She paused for a moment then continued by saying, “My husband left me ten years ago and ever since then I have been living alone here with only my memories of him keeping me company.” She looked at Kevin who was now looking down into his cup of black liquid as she said, “You are welcome to stay as long as you want.”

Kevin stared into the old lady’s eyes for a few moments before finally saying, “I would like that.”

Agatha smiled and replied, “I am happy to have you here.” She stood up from her seat and walked over to an old wardrobe located against one of the walls where she took out two blankets and placed them down onto another sofa nearby.

“There should be enough room for both of us on this sofa if we sit side by side.” She said with a smile before turning around again to look at Kevin who was watching her curiously as she walked away from him.

She stopped halfway through the living room and looked back at him with an amused expression on her face before saying, “Are you coming?”

Kevin stood up from where he was sitting and walked over to where Agatha was standing waiting for him. He took the blanket from her hand as he passed by her then sat down next to her on the sofa while she lay down onto it. They stared into each other’s eyes for several minutes before Agatha closed her own and said, “Goodnight.”

Kevin looked around at their surroundings for a few moments then finally asked, “Do you mind if I ask you something?”

Agatha opened her eyes again and replied with a smile on her face, “Go ahead.”

“Why did your husband leave you? Was it because of something he had done or because of his own feelings towards me?” Kevin asked curiously while staring into Agatha’s eyes intensely.

Agatha stared back at him for several moments before saying in a