ive seen (S01 E01, S02 E02) were amazing. They told a story instead of just being an episode like many shows do these days. I hope we get one or two more heartfelt stories like that in the end, something with a real story and not just a bunch of random clips thrown in to make us laugh.

> I would like to see a heartwarming finale, something that really shows why the show is ending and not just a big send off with a bunch of clips and side character pop-ins. A few of the older episodes ive seen (S01 E01, S02 E02) were amazing. They told a story instead of just being an episode like many shows do these days. I hope we get one or two more heartfelt stories like that in the end, something with a real story and not just a bunch of random clips thrown in to make us laugh.
>
> ## Who wrote the song for Once Upon a Time in Hollywood?

`On 19 September 2014, Amazon.com announced that it would invest $250 million in branded television content development for its instant video service.[236][237] This came as both Amazon (through its instant video service) and Netflix (through their "House of Cards" series) are openly investing production capital toward original programming without the traditional broadcaster limitations.`
In November 2015, Amazon opened its first physical bookstore location. It is named Amazon Books and is located in University Village in Seattle. The store is 5,500 square feet and prices for all products match those on its website.[149] Amazon will open its tenth physical book store in 2017;[150] media speculation suggests Amazon plans to eventually roll out 300 to 400 bookstores around the country.[149] Amazon plans to open brick and mortar bookstores in Germany.[151]
`Sign up for Amazon Family and a Prime account to get special offers, coupons and discounts on family-oriented items. If you aren't a Prime member, you'll get a 5% discount on baby food and diaper subscriptions. Prime members get an additional 15% off with five or more active subscriptions. Get a 15% discount code and a free Welcome Box when you sign up for the Baby Registry.`
Amazon’s transformation into the world’s more pervasive retail operation wouldn’t be complete unless the company began a seemingly counterintuitive push from online to offline. Starting with its brick-and-mortar bookstores in 2015 — first in Seattle and now in Chicago and New York City — Amazon established its intent to compete on all fronts with its retail competitors.
The infomercial industry is huge and is worth a staggering $250 billion as of 2015. It all started back in the late 40’s and early 50’s when major sponsors of serial television programs were soap manufacturers (i.e. Proctor & Gamble, Lever Brothers and Colgate-Palmolive), which is how “soap operas” got their name. There is some controversy although the first infomercial is thought to have been for a blender either made by VitaMix or Waring Blenders and aired in 1949 or 1950. Time limits for commercials were imposed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) not too long after this which halted the growth of infomercials until 1984 when those limits were removed.