ynical about this, Mr. Dekker. The information you provided us was incredibly valuable, and we are deeply grateful for that.'' 
 
 `` But why me? Why not just arrest the guy?'' 
 
 `` Because of the nature of our mission. Infiltration, remember? If we had gone public with all the information about these people, they would have shut us down quicker than you can say `bullshit.' And if that happened, then our only means of exposing their activities would have been lost for good.'' 
 
 `` So this was all just to find me?'' 
 
 `` No. We needed some way to prove our innocence before the people in charge. That way we could keep working on this project.'' 
 
 He smiled at me, as though I should be honored to have been picked for such an important role in their scheme. I was not. It was hard enough just being a cop, and now I was supposed to be a spy? As if that weren 't bad enough, I would also have to pretend that the only reason I knew anything about these people was because they had abducted me. That I had no idea who they really were or what their plan was. 
 
 `` Are you saying I should just play along with whatever they tell me? Because I won't do that, sir!'' 
 
 He sighed heavily, leaning back in his chair and putting his hands behind his head as he stared at the ceiling. Then he turned back to face me, folding his arms across his chest. 
 
 `` Mr. Dekker... Do you know what happens when you get involved with something bigger than yourself? You lose your free will. It is not easy being a cop, but it is even harder being an undercover agent. I can understand why you feel the way you do right now, and I appreciate that you are willing to help us out, but there is no other option for you at this point.'' 
 
 He reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a small packet of cigarettes, offering me one. I shook my head, knowing he would not take no for an answer. Finally, after what seemed like forever, he lit the cigarette with a matchbook that had been sitting on the table next to him. He inhaled deeply and then blew the smoke out through his nose. 
 
 `` Listen carefully: this is going to sound ridiculous...but you are going to have to pretend that all of this is happening because your wife kidnapped you from a party in Mexico.'' 
 
 I stared at him, dumbfounded. My mind was racing with all the different possibilities for why someone would want me to play along with their plan. Had they really thought through every single thing about it? Or were they just winging it? Either way, they had already chosen me as their scapegoat and there was nothing I could do to change that. 
 
 `` What are you waiting for?'' he asked, noticing my lack of response. 
 
 I looked down at the floor, ashamed of myself for being so slow. Then I turned around and walked back toward the exit door, trying to look as normal as possible. When I reached it, I stopped and turned to face him once again. His eyes were locked onto mine, waiting for me to say something else. 
 
 `` What happens next?'' I asked softly. 
 
 He smiled at me, showing his crooked teeth. 
 
 `` You are going back home with your wife.'' 
 
 Then he winked at me before turning away and walking toward the front desk where he had been sitting earlier. I followed him slowly, feeling my heartbeat quicken as I got closer to the exit door. Once we were outside, I took a deep breath of fresh air and looked back at the building behind me. It seemed so small compared to everything else around it. 
 
 I was about to turn around when he called out to me from across the street.
 
 `` Mr. Dekker?'' 
 
 I turned back toward him, wondering if there was anything else I should know before I left. He waved at me and then started walking away in the opposite direction. As soon as he disappeared around the corner, I turned around and walked home without looking back once.
`` Me? Really.''