ondings and then quickly turns back to face forward. Her large, dark eyes are focused on her feet.

She was young, just turned seventeen the week before, but she could easily be mistaken for sixteen. She is slim, with curves that have yet to fully develop, a flat stomach, small breasts, narrow hips and long legs. Her skin is pale and flawless and her cheeks are lightly covered in freckles. She is only about 5'6" tall, and even then she seems smaller than that.

She was wearing a light blue hooded sweatshirt with jeans and white sneakers. The sweatshirt hangs loose on her small frame, and the jeans are slightly baggy as well, but they both fit her nicely. Her arms were bare, showing off the tattoos that covered most of them. One was a black rose on her right forearm, the other was two words "Be True", written in black ink on her left arm.

She is alone and there is no sign that she has any friends around her, or even acquaintances. There are no other people in sight, but there are houses scattered all around her. She looks out of place with the neighborhood, it's one thing for her to be alone, but another for her to be there, at that very moment.

She is on a street corner, just outside of town. She had been walking for hours, trying to get away from everything and everyone in her life. Trying to find someplace where she could be left alone. After getting nowhere on foot she decided it would be best to take the bus back to school. Her friend, who's house she was staying at, had said he'd drive her into town.

The problem was that they had gotten into a fight and now she had no way of getting there. She couldn't go home because if she did her parents would have probably called the police to look for her. So instead she just walked around aimlessly until she got too tired and sat down on the side of the road.

After a while a car came by and the driver stopped to ask her what she was doing there. She told him that she was trying to get away from home but had gotten lost in the process and now didn't know where she was. The man said he would give her a ride back into town if she wanted, and she accepted his offer gladly.

He drove slowly while they talked about everything under the sun. They got to know each other very well during their short trip together. She even told him about how she had run away from home because of her parents fighting all the time. The man offered to take her back to his place so she could stay there for a while if she wanted, but she declined politely and thanked him profusely before getting out of his car at the next bus stop.

She boarded the bus and took her seat in the front row by herself, trying not to think about what just happened or what would happen next. The man had gotten off at one of the stops earlier so she didn't have to worry about him anymore. She was finally able to relax as the bus drove away from the stop towards town.

The ride went by quickly and before she knew it she was back in front of her friend's house again. He opened the door for her as soon as he saw her getting off of the bus and they hugged each other tightly before going inside. Her parents were there waiting for her and she apologized profusely to them both, promising that this would never happen again.

After dinner her friend took her home where she got ready for school. She woke up early so she could make it in time, but still had trouble getting dressed because of how tired she was. Her father helped her out by buttoning up her shirt and zipping up her jeans before sending her off with a hug and some last minute advice about staying out of trouble today.

She walked to school with him until he got to the office where they were supposed to meet for breakfast. She told him that she would see him later and then continued walking towards her first class. The day went by quickly as usual, but it felt different because of what happened last night.

She made it through all four classes without incident and then went to lunch with some of her friends who were talking about nothing important. They went back inside after they finished their food and started doing homework for the next day's class. She was the first one done so she decided to go outside and sit on a bench by herself.

She sat there for a while before realizing that she needed to get up and go to her last class of the day, which was history. As she started walking towards it she heard someone call out her name from behind her and turned around to see who it was. It was the man from last night! He had followed her all this time just so he could talk to her again!

He told her that he wanted to apologize for what happened yesterday, but she told him not to worry about it because she didn't hold it against him and neither did anyone else who knew about it. She also asked him if they could meet up some other time soon so she could tell him everything that happened after last night. He agreed happily before telling her that he had to go now because his shift started in ten minutes and he needed to get there on time.

She told him goodbye and then continued walking towards history class, where she arrived just as the bell rang signaling for everyone to take their seats. She sat next to a boy who was also in her class last year but never really talked with before because they were always in different groups during group work assignments. They started talking about how busy school had been lately and then he asked if she knew what happened with the man from last night because everyone seemed curious about him since it was such a big deal at first.

She told him everything that happened after he left yesterday morning until now, which made them both laugh hysterically. He even went as far as telling her that he wanted to meet the guy too so they could get together for drinks later tonight if she felt like going out again. She declined politely because she had plans with another friend from school already and then got back into studying for the next class, which was English.

She did well on all of her tests today but still failed one because it was too hard for her to read through all of the questions in time. She made sure not to let herself feel bad about it though because everyone else had been struggling too, which meant that at least she wasn't alone! Her day went by quickly and before she knew it she was back home again where she ate dinner with her parents before going up to bed early so she could get enough sleep for tomorrow's classes.

Her father said goodnight as he left for work early in the morning like always but this time added on that he loved her very much after realizing how tired and stressed out she must have been from everything that happened yesterday night. She told him that she would try not to make him worry so much next time before kissing him goodbye as well.

Her mother woke her up when it was almost time for school but gave her a little extra time since they had just moved into the house last week and didn't know where everything was yet. She took her time getting ready this morning because she wanted to make sure that nothing was out of place or missing before she left home again.

She finally got everything together and then headed out to the bus stop with some extra money in case there were any unexpected expenses along the way like last time! The ride went smoothly until they reached their first stop where many people started getting off as soon as possible because it was really hot outside today and everyone wanted to get home quickly.

She had no problem finding a seat at first but then noticed that someone else was already sitting in her favorite spot by the window so she decided not to bother them this time since they seemed to be in such a hurry anyway! She sat down next to another person who asked where she lived and if it would take too long for her bus to get there before telling him about how much he missed taking public transportation back home where his family was living now.

She told him that she understood completely but still wanted some privacy since this was going to be a long trip after all! He apologized profusely before getting off at the next stop and leaving her alone again just like last time! She decided not to bother sitting by anyone else so she just took an empty seat in the middle of the bus instead where no one would really notice her anyway.

The ride went on without any problems until they reached their last stop which happened to be right outside of school! Her friend from yesterday was there waiting for her with some food in his hands before asking if she wanted anything else since he had already bought enough lunch today during class time. She told him that she appreciated it but declined politely since she didn't want to take advantage of him like that again!

They said goodbye after he promised not to do it anymore either because she would only be staying until graduation anyway so there wasn't much point in spending money on lunch when they both knew that this would be their last day together at school anyways. She was a little sad about leaving him behind but also excited for what tomorrow had in store for her! Her first class went by quickly since it was just a review of everything she learned throughout the year and then she took a break afterwards before heading into English class next.

She did really well on all of the tests today even though they were all multiple choice which meant that she couldn't make any mistakes or else she would fail them! She was feeling pretty confident about herself until her