 off of him, and stepped into the shower. The hot water washed away his tiredness and replaced it with a feeling of energy.
 
 
 John got dressed, had breakfast, and left to go to work. As he was driving, the morning news came on. He listened intently, as his attention drifted from story to story. One story caught his attention more than any other. It was about a new girl in town. She was named Sarah and was moving into town with her husband, Jason. John had never met them, but he thought they sounded nice enough.
 
 
 "Moving in tomorrow," John heard the news anchor say. He smiled at this and thought about going to meet the new people.
 
 
 John arrived at work and started doing his regular duties. This lasted until lunch break when he went to talk to Mr. Robertson, the owner of the building where they worked.
 
 
 "Mr. Robertson," John said as soon as he walked into his office. "I was thinking about meeting the new people moving in tomorrow."
 
 
 "Who?" Mr. Robertson asked with a raised eyebrow.
 
 
 "Sarah and Jason, from the news story this morning. They're moving in tomorrow."
 
 
 "You know them?"
 
 
 "No," John said shaking his head. "I just thought it would be nice to get to know them."
 
 
 Mr. Robertson gave a smile and nodded, agreeing that meeting new people was always a good thing. He then gave him the rest of the day off work for the next day, so he could go meet the new people moving in.
 
 
 That night, John got home early, to get ready for tomorrow. He took a shower, brushed his teeth, and went to bed. The next morning, when his alarm went off, he jumped out of bed with energy and excitement. After getting dressed, he left the house, driving down to the new house that was being built. It was only about 10 minutes away from his own house. He parked across the street and waited for Sarah and Jason to arrive.
 
 
 When they finally arrived, John walked up to them. They looked at him curiously as he introduced himself.
 
 
 "I'm John," he said with a smile on his face, trying not to act nervous around these strangers. "My boss gave me the day off to meet you and your husband."
 
 
 Sarah and Jason both smiled back at him with smiles of their own. They had been waiting for someone like him to come along.
 
 
 "We're so glad you could make it," Sarah said. "We were hoping that we would get some people around here who were nice."
 
 
 John was touched by her words and nodded in agreement with her. They started talking about different things, getting to know each other as they talked.
 
 
 The day passed quickly as the three of them talked. John learned a lot about Sarah and Jason, and they learned about him too. It wasn't until after dinner that John realized how much time had gone by and he went home. He was excited for tomorrow when he could come back and continue getting to know them better.
 
 
 The next morning, John woke up early as usual and got ready for work, but decided to take a different route than his usual one. As he drove down the road, he noticed that there was construction going on near where Sarah and Jason lived. It was a new house being built that they were supposed to move into tomorrow.
 
 
 John pulled over at the end of their street and walked up to them. He knocked on the door and waited for someone to answer.
 
 
 "Come in," Sarah called out from inside. She opened the door and let him in. The house looked like a mess with boxes everywhere, but that didn't stop her from inviting John in anyway.
 
 
 They sat down on the couch together and talked about what they had been up to since their last meeting. After some time of talking about different things, Sarah asked if he would be able to help them out with some things around their new house. He agreed and went home for the day.
 
 
 That night, John got home and thought back on his day. He had met Sarah and Jason, two new people that he was going to get to know better, as well as helping them move in to their new house. It was a great day for him and tomorrow would be even better!