I knew better than to lie, so I told my teacher what happened. `` A man walked up to me and asked me for a cigarette, then he showed me his gun and told me to give him everything.'' She nodded her head like she understood everything. `` He took my cell phone and gave me a ride home. And that is when I got this picture off the internet. '' I tried to sound convincing. My teacher seemed convinced so she started writing down what happened on a piece of paper. Then, she told me to wait in her office while she went out into the hall and called my parents.
I sat there wondering why she wanted to call my parents. Maybe they were going to be angry at me for telling this story? But I had no idea why I was getting punished. 5 minutes later, my teacher came back and told me that they had to go to the police station to get my phone. She said that it was stolen. My heart started pounding through my chest and I almost cried.
My mom called the cops and they told her she could pick up my phone at the police station in 3 days. The cop even gave us a number for the man who stole it, but no one picked up when we tried to call. My mom got really angry with me because she said it was all my fault for giving him my phone. I was n't supposed to give strangers my property.
When we finally got back home, my dad and I went outside so he could go over the rules again. I was n't supposed to talk to strangers or give them anything of mine. He told me that this time, he would not let it go as easily because I had gotten in trouble before for talking to strangers on the street.
After a few months, my mom and dad forgot about the incident, but I did n't. My sister always made fun of me and called me `gullible'. It made me feel bad whenever she did that, so I started hanging out with her friends at school because I thought they would like me better. But it seemed like every time I hung out with them, they had something to say about my parents. One day I told my friend that my mom and dad were taking us to a 3-day vacation in Disney world. Her response was `that is so lame! ''
I tried to defend my parents but she would n't stop bashing them. It felt like the whole school thought that my parents were losers because they had never traveled outside of America or gone to another state for a vacation. I knew they would have taken us there if it was possible, but how could I tell her that? So I just walked away and tried not to think about it anymore.
A few days later, the bell rang, signaling the end of the school day. My sister and I ran out into the cold air and started walking home from school. There were a lot of cars parked along the street so we had to walk on the sidewalk in order to get passed them. We walked down the street and talked about how much fun it would be if our parents actually took us to Disney World.
Then, we started talking about all of the things that we wanted for Christmas. I wanted a new iPhone 6s because I had just dropped my old one, but my mom told me that she would n't buy me one until the summer. Then, I asked her if I could have a PS4 instead because I heard they were really cool.
My sister laughed at me and said `you are going to be so disappointed when you open it up!'' I was so excited about Christmas that day because my mom had already told me that we were getting some really awesome stuff this year. We stopped at the bus stop on our way home from school, and my sister started talking to a group of guys who were hanging out there. They asked us where we wanted to go for vacation, and I told them that I wanted to go to Disney World because I had never been there before.
They said `no way! You have never been to Disney? '' I was n't sure what they were talking about until my sister chimed in ``that is so lame!'' All of the guys laughed at her, and she started to blush. She kept telling me how much cooler it would be if we went somewhere else, but I did not want to listen to her anymore. So instead, I told her that my friend had already asked for Disney tickets as a gift from Santa this year too!
She was n't happy about it and said `I can t believe you are getting all of those gifts from your parents!'' She started yelling at me for being a spoiled brat until the bus came around and we had to get on. I felt really bad after that, so I decided not to tell her where my family was going for vacation this year because she might make fun of us again.
At school, all the teachers kept asking us what happened over winter break, but none of them seemed interested in hearing our stories about how much fun we had with our friends and family during the holidays. I felt really bad when one teacher asked me if anything exciting happened at home and I told him no because I did n't want to lie. Then, another student asked if I got a new phone for Christmas or not because he heard that people were getting them everywhere!
I tried to explain why my parents gave me an old phone instead of one of the newer models like everybody else had, but they just looked at me with disgust. That was when I realized that everyone thought we were stupid for not having cool things like them. It made me feel sad inside because now I felt alone even though there were so many people around me!
I started to get frustrated with all these negative feelings inside me, so I decided to tell my teacher what really happened over winter break. She told me that she would talk to the other teachers about it and see if they could change their attitudes toward me and my family. All of a sudden, everyone was being nicer to me at school again! But I still felt bad because now I knew how much people thought we were different from them just because we did not have everything that they had.
After school, I went home with my mom to tell her what happened at school today. She hugged me and told me that she understood how I felt about it because she felt like that too when she was growing up! Then she said something very important: ``Just remember who you are and where you came from because no one can take those things away from you!''.
So I decided not to listen to anyone else s opinions anymore. Instead, I just kept on doing my own thing and being happy with the life that I had chosen for myself! And now, two years later, everyone at school respects me more than they ever did before! So remember: don't let other people's opinions change who you are or where you came from; be yourself no matter what anyone else says or thinks about it because at the end of the day, nobody can take those things away from us unless we give them up ourselves!