 the rest of our textbooks, from across the room. I did not want to learn anything about this topic. I just wanted to write it down so I could get out of here faster.

Mrs. Petrie opened her book and began reading aloud, “The Declaration of Independence is a document that announced the colonists’ separation from Great Britain…”

I sat up in my chair a little straighter, but only because the kid behind me kept kicking it. I tried not to let the sound of his sneakers hitting my seat distract me. The Test was important; I had to know all this stuff so that I could do well on it. I looked at my hands and counted the wrinkles in them. Twelve. That was a new record for today, but probably only because I’d spent so long writing.

Mrs. Petrie’s voice continued. “This document established the thirteen colonies as free and independent states…”

The bell rang and my head snapped up. That meant we were almost done with The Test stuff. Mrs. Petrie pointed to the door. “Go ahead, class. You may leave for lunch.”

I took one more look at my wrinkled hands before shoving them into my pockets. As I walked toward the door, I wondered why people had been so impressed by this Declaration of Independence thing. I’d written a lot about it and never once thought it was worth getting excited about. Then again, I wasn’t a historian or anything; maybe these events were really important.

I went down to the lunchroom with my friend Diane. The lunch lady gave me some french fries that had been sitting under a heat lamp for at least an hour. When I picked them up, they seemed like they might be hard enough to break a tooth. “Oh, well,” I said, putting them on my tray anyway. I’d only eaten one bite of them before Mrs. Petrie came into the lunchroom.

“Hello, kids,” she said. “I just wanted to remind you that this afternoon I have something really special planned for the class.” She looked around to see if everyone was listening. She was wearing her usual plain dress and a pair of comfortable-looking slippers. Her hair was pulled up into a bun.

Diane poked me with her elbow. “What’s so special?” she whispered.

“I don’t know,” I said back. But then Mrs. Petrie started talking again, “In the afternoon we’ll be going on a field trip!”

The whole class erupted into cheers and shouts of excitement, which only made Diane and me laugh harder. The last time we’d gone on a field trip, it was to an old farmhouse down in Pennsylvania, which had been turned into a museum. Mrs. Petrie had made us sit through the whole tour with the rest of the class and then she’d given us all a test about it later.

The lunch period ended soon after that and we went back up to our classroom. As I walked down the hall, I felt my stomach drop into my feet because I remembered that The Test was today! Mrs. Petrie had already said so and I had forgotten completely. I tried not to panic, but when the bell rang for class to begin again, I sat down at my desk without even bothering to put my tray away first.

Mrs. Petrie looked over at me and asked, “Are you ready?” She sounded like she was talking to someone who had been crying or something; her voice was very soft and kind. “Are you excited about The Test?”

I couldn’t answer right away because I still didn’t know what was going on with my stomach. But then it occurred to me that this was probably an important moment in history: the first time ever someone had been asked whether or not they were looking forward to taking a test! And so I said, “Yes, Mrs. Petrie. Of course.”

I think she must’ve thought I was being sarcastic because she just shook her head and smiled sadly before turning back around to continue reading The Declaration of Independence out loud in front of the class. But after a few minutes had passed by without me saying anything else or getting up from my seat, Mrs. Petrie decided that maybe she should give me some more time alone with myself first – so she went off to do some work in another part of the classroom instead…