 first week on the job were given menial tasks such as vacuuming and polishing, which she did not seem to mind at all. But stapling? It was a strange concept, but Delia took to it like she had been born with one in her mouth. I sat back down at my desk and waited for her to finish.

She returned from the break room where she went for some water after less than ten seconds. `` Here you go!'' She said handing me the stapler and a stack of papers. I had already set up all the papers in order so all she had to do was staple them together at their proper place. But, being her first day on the job, it was not hard for her to make such mistakes as she made. She had the first twenty stapled upside down and backwards. I took the stack of papers from her. `` Let me show you how.''

I then showed her where to put each page. Then, when she had completed a few pages correctly I stood back and watched her do it for herself. `` Here you go!'' I told her as she finished. She gave me another smile before walking back towards the break room. The stapler was almost ready to be returned when Delia came back into my office with two cups of coffee and a plate of donuts.

I looked at Delia, who had an uneasy look on her face. `` Oh no!'' She exclaimed as she noticed that I was looking at her. She then handed me one of the donuts and took the stapler out of my hand to place it in her own hands before disappearing back into the break room. As soon as Delia left I knew that there was a problem.

She had not given me a cup of coffee, nor had she brought herself a cup. What kind of employee does not drink coffee? A very bad one! As I stood up from my desk I heard a loud crash and looked over to see what it was. Delia was standing at her desk staring in horror at her computer monitor. `` Oh no!'' She said, as she began frantically searching through the drawers for the stapler.

It took her about two minutes before finding the stapler. I was going to tell her that I had the stapler, but I thought it might make her feel better if she could at least have a small victory, so I sat back down and waited as Delia began to staple papers together in what seemed like a very strange pattern.

I stood up from my desk and went over to see how she was doing. As I got closer I saw that she had some kind of grid on the monitor with numbers and letters printed out across it, which is why her stapler looked so different from mine when she started using it. She had obviously made a mistake by setting up the paper in such a way that she could not see what she was doing before stapling it together. I stood there watching Delia for about five minutes before finally saying something to her.

`` What are you doing?'' I asked. `` Oh, I am just trying to get my work done.'' She said with a smile. As I continued watching Delia I noticed that she was not stapling the papers together properly at all; instead, each page was being stapled to itself!

I could not believe it! This girl had actually found some way of getting her work done even though she did not know what she was doing. As I watched Delia, who was still smiling, I could see that she seemed very happy with herself; the only problem was that all of the papers were now stuck together in one big pile and there was no way for her to unstick them without tearing them apart.

`` Oh no!'' She said as she tried to pull a page out of the pile. `` Oh, Delia!'' I exclaimed before taking the stapler out of her hand and putting it back in mine so that she would not get hurt or tear anything else up. As Delia looked at me with an uneasy look on her face I said: `` You have done a good job!

Now, let's go tell the boss about this!''. We left my office and went out into the hallway to find our supervisor. When we found him he was standing there looking at his watch before saying: `` Well? Did you do it?'' I could see that Delia had not spoken up yet so I said for her: `` Yes sir, we got all of your work done!''

`` Oh good!'' He said with a smile as he walked off. As we made our way back to my office I looked over at Delia who seemed very happy and proud of herself; she had accomplished something without knowing what she was doing or how it would turn out. We got back into my office and I sat down at my desk while Delia sat across from me in front of her computer monitor.

`` Well? Do you feel better now?'' I asked with a smile on my face as I handed her another cup of coffee and one last donut before she started to cry. `` Oh no!'' She exclaimed again. This time it was because she had made such a huge mistake by getting all of our work done even though she did not know what she was doing or how it would turn out.

But, I could see that she was still proud of herself for getting the job done and her smile only got bigger when I told her: `` It's okay! You just have to learn from your mistakes.'' She smiled even harder than before as she took another bite of her donut, but this time she did not cry; instead, she seemed very happy with herself.

`` Oh no!'' Delia said again. This time it was because I had given her a cup of coffee and one last donut while she was crying. `` Oh well!'' She said as she continued to eat the donut. We sat there for another five minutes before finally saying goodbye; Delia went back into the break room where she started to work on something else, while I went over to my desk to write this report about our little encounter together today.

So, what did we learn from all of this? Well, first of all Delia learned that there are some things in life which require more than just knowing how to do them; you also have to know why you are doing them and where they will lead once they're completed. Secondly, she learned that mistakes can be a good thing if you use them as an opportunity for learning instead of letting them get you down. And last but not least, she learned that even when we make big mistakes like getting our work done without knowing what we were doing or how it would turn out, there is always hope as long as we keep trying new things and never give up on ourselves no matter what happens around us. So, thanks Delia for teaching me so much about myself today!

The End