iced out again. He was trying to make light of it. ``It's a beautiful day,'' he said, looking out the window at the moonlit summer night. He turned on the radio. ``The best part is that I won't have to listen to this sappy crap.'' He looked around the room and saw himself in the mirror. The light was not flattering. He sighed.

Pete's parents had been divorced for years, so he rarely got to see his sister. ``Why couldn't she show up tonight?'' Pete asked himself. She would have known what to do; she always knew how to have a good time.

The party was being held on the porch of one of those big old houses, and it had gone on all evening. Pete sat at the bar sipping his whiskey and watching the kids out on the porch. It seemed like everyone had turned up tonight. He looked around for a familiar face. His girlfriend, Shelly, had been there since noon, and he had seen her only a couple times. ``Why does this happen?''

He heard himself say those words out loud again. The bartender chuckled and handed him his drink. It was no wonder he felt like an outsider; he had gone to a private school until graduating from high school, and everyone at the party went to public schools. He sat there thinking about Shelly for a while.

Pete and Shelly had met during their senior year of high school, but it wasn't until after graduation that they started dating seriously. They were both going to college in the same town. Pete was studying engineering at the local university and Shelly was enrolled at the state college. She studied English literature.

Pete had always been attracted to Shelly. He thought she was gorgeous, but he found it hard to understand her sometimes. The way she acted sometimes confused him. Other times he felt that they were on the same wavelength. She seemed so mysterious. ``What am I going to do?'' he wondered again.

The party had gotten pretty wild by now. Pete had lost his car keys in a beer pong game and was being told off for breaking things by some guy who had just broken up with Shelly. He made it out of the bathroom without further incident, but he heard the bar close behind him and saw the bartender locking the door. ``Damn,'' said Pete as he turned back to face the partygoers outside.

Pete stood there for a few minutes trying to decide what to do. He felt like a kid on his first day of school. He didn't want to go home, and he knew that Shelly wouldn't let him crash at her place tonight. The only thing left was to ask one of the guys from school if they could give him a ride. He walked over to where they were standing in front of the bar.

``Hey man,'' said Pete as he approached them. ``Can I bum a lift back to my car? It's on the other side of town.'' The guy who broke up with Shelly looked at him and then turned away without saying anything. They all stood there for a moment, and then Pete noticed that one of them was talking on his cell phone. ``It's okay,'' he said. ``I can walk. I don't mind the exercise.''

He started to turn around, but before he could leave the guy who broke up with Shelly spoke up again. ``Hey man, why don't you come back to my place?'' Pete looked at him incredulously and then realized that it might be a good idea after all. He would probably get kicked out of his house if he went home now. Besides, he was feeling pretty lonely anyway.

``All right,'' said Pete as they started walking away from the bar. ``Where are we going?'' The guy who broke up with Shelly shrugged and pointed at a big old house across the street from them. ``I live over there.'' They walked down the street towards the house, and after a few minutes they reached it. The lights were all off, but Pete could see some people through one of the windows.

``This is my place,'' said the guy as they walked up to the door. He put his hand on the doorknob, but before he could open it someone shouted from inside. ``Who is it?'' They both turned around and looked at each other for a moment, and then the guy opened the door without saying anything.

Pete walked in behind him and found himself in a room full of people. The party seemed to be going on as if nothing had happened. He was starting to feel self-conscious again when he noticed that Shelly was standing across the room talking with some girl from school. ``I think I'm going to go over there,'' he thought.

He walked over towards her and stood next to her while they talked for a few minutes before she finally noticed him. ``What are you doing here?'' she asked. ``I guess you could say that I came looking for you.'' He paused for a moment before continuing. ``Actually, I just wanted to see if you would want to go out with me sometime. I know this is pretty short notice, but I really like you and I thought it was worth a shot.'' Shelly looked at him in surprise for a moment before she smiled back at him.

``I think that's the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me,'' said Shelly as they walked over towards the door together. ``And I would love to go out with you sometime.'' They stepped out into the street and began walking home together.