'tice him, as his body took up the entire doorway. As the doors closed behind me, he slowly uncurled and stood up.

I turned around in the hope that it would be over quicker if id knew what id was walking into. And it was. There he stood in all his glory, an ugly midget man with no clothes on. He had a small cock but his balls were huge. His eyes were beady and there was something about them that just made me feel uncomfortable.

I asked him if he knew what floor I was going to. I looked at him closely and could see that his skin was quite hairy, especially around his chest and stomach area. His arms had very hairy pits too. He didn't answer me so I told him again but this time much louder.

"What floor am I going to?" He seemed a little taken aback by my voice. "Huh?" "Are you deaf? What floor do you want?" "I dunno, take me back down!" he said. "Ok, where are your clothes?" "What?" "Your clothes! Where are they?" He didn't have anything on!

He was completely naked apart from his boots and a pair of glasses perched on the bridge of his nose. They were dirty and scratched as if they had been used for years. The more I looked at him, the angrier I became. How dare he be so rude to me! "What are you staring at?" he growled. "You're naked! How rude!" "So what? Why are you getting your panties in a twist over that?

Get the fuck outta here!" "I am not getting anywhere until you put some clothes on!" I yelled at him. He looked like he was about to say something nasty back but instead, just shook his head and turned around. I took that as my cue to leave the elevator but then it dawned on me, id forgotten my keys!

I tried to remember what floor I was on. It would be too embarrassing to go all the way back down again and explain myself, especially if I bumped into someone I knew from work. "Hey, you can't leave!" he yelled at me as if he had read my mind. "Come on now! Get out of here before I call security!" I started to feel really panicky, like a trapped animal in a cage.

I told myself that if he didn't move, id just have to stay with him for the next twenty minutes until we got down to ground level again. That thought made me feel even worse so id better not think about it any longer. As I was wondering what floor I could go to get some clothes on, he moved closer towards me and started to speak. "You know you're very sexy.

You look good enough to eat." He whispered in my ear. His voice was low and sounded like a deep growl coming from within his body. Id never heard anything like it before! It sent shivers down my spine. I wanted to turn around but could not move, he had me hypnotised. "I'll bet you have the most incredible pussy." He went on, "And your tits are so beautiful.

They must be very big too." I couldn't help but let out a moan as he spoke to me like that. It felt so good hearing how much he wanted my body! "You're going down there aren't you?" he said pointing at his cock, "Isn't it just what you want? A nice big fat dick inside your little hole." His words sent shivers down my spine. Id never had sex with anyone before and here id been thinking that I didn't need to lose my virginity until I met this man.

As he continued talking, I felt myself becoming more excited by the second. It was all too much for me. My pussy started dripping as if it had a mind of its own! I couldn't believe what was happening to me. "I'll bet you love sucking cock don't you?

"I like giving head too." He smiled at me, "You can't wait to get your tongue around my dick can you?" I wanted him so badly that id almost forgotten about getting out of there. I didn't care what happened next as long as he kept talking to me in that way. "You'll be the first one I ever fuck." He said, "You're special for letting me do this." Id never been spoken to like that before.

It was such a turn on hearing how much he wanted my body. But still id couldn't move. My head was spinning and all id wanted to do was suck his cock! He started rubbing himself against me, using both hands to grab onto my ass while pushing his hips against mine. It felt so good having him touch me there but also made it hard not to respond in any way. Id never been touched like that before and id never had sex either so all of this was new territory for me.

As he continued rubbing himself against me, he moved his hand down towards my pussy. I felt myself start to moan as he slid two fingers inside of me. His other hand went around behind me while pulling at my hair and pushing my head into his chest. Id never been touched like that before and it made id feel so good! As if on cue, the elevator doors opened revealing the rest of the floor.

There was no one there but that didn't matter because what happened next wasn't something I could ever forget. He picked me up in his arms as if he were going to carry me over the threshold, only stopping when he saw a mirror on the wall across from us. "Look at yourself." He whispered in my ear, "I want you to see how beautiful you are." And then he pushed me against it while using both hands to hold onto my hips and pull me closer to his body.

He put one of my legs over each shoulder and started licking my pussy. I didn't know what was happening but it felt so good! As he continued eating me out, id couldn't help but moan louder than ever before. "Fuck!" He yelled at me, "You are driving me crazy with those sounds." It made id feel even more excited and all id wanted to do was keep on moaning until I came in his mouth!

"Oh god!" He screamed as he continued eating me out, "I'm gonna cum! Fuck yes!" And then suddenly without warning, I felt something warm and sticky coming into my pussy. It wasn't a lot but it was enough to make me lose control completely. Id never experienced anything like that before so all of this felt new to me too!

It made id feel so good and id couldn't stop myself from moaning louder than ever before! As he finished eating my pussy out, I collapsed onto the floor in a heap of sweaty naked flesh. He reached down into his pocket and pulled out two condoms which he then placed on my face while whispering, "Now it's time for me to fuck you."

I couldn't believe what was happening but id couldn't help myself either! As soon as the first one went into my mouth, I started sucking it like a lollipop! And when he put the second one on top of that one, all I could do was moan even louder than before! It made me feel so good having them both in my mouth at the same time!

Id never had sex with anyone before and here id been thinking that I didn't need to lose my virginity until I met this man. As he continued eating my pussy out, id couldn't help but moan louder than ever before. "Fuck!" He screamed at me as he kept on eating me out, "I'm gonna cum! Fuck yes!" And then suddenly without warning, I felt something warm and sticky coming into my pussy. It wasn't a lot but it was enough to make id lose control completely!

Id never experienced anything like that before so all of this felt new to me too! It made id feel so good and id couldn't stop myself from moaning louder than ever before! As he finished eating my pussy out, I collapsed onto the floor in a heap of sweaty naked flesh. He reached down into his pocket and pulled out two condoms which he then placed on my face while whispering, "Now it's time for me to fuck you."

I couldn't believe what was happening but id couldn't help myself either! As soon as the first one went into my mouth, I started sucking it like a lollipop! And when he put the second one on top of that one, all I could do was moan even louder than before! It made me feel so good having them both in my mouth at the same time!

I couldn't wait to see what happened next! And then suddenly without warning, he pulled both condoms out from between my legs and replaced them with his own cock! He started fucking me hard as if we had been doing this for years instead of minutes! Id never experienced anything like that before so all of this felt new to me too! It made id feel so good having him inside of me and all I wanted to do was keep on moaning louder than ever before!

As he continued fucking me hard, id couldn't help but scream louder than ever before! "Oh god!" He