1992 all over again, but this time with him in the starring role. His life was different now. He was married, a father, and a lawyer. The life of a law student was behind him. This was his reward.
 
  "Happy birthday, Donny!" the voice came from somewhere nearby. It had been too long since he'd heard that name. The voice belonged to his old friend, and current boss, George Costanza. "How do you feel?"
 
  Don couldn't even remember what day it was. He tried to think of the last time he'd seen George but he couldn't come up with an answer. "I dunno... like I'm back in college. My life is a blur." He sat up and rubbed his eyes. It had been years since he'd seen George. Since then, he'd become a big success. In fact, he was the President of NBC Sports!
 
  Don didn't know how George knew it was his birthday. Maybe he told him when he accepted that job offer? He couldn't remember if he had. "Thanks, man!" He got out of bed and looked around the room. It looked like a dorm room or a college fraternity house. It wasn't anything like George's apartment in New York.
 
  Don went into another room. The walls were covered with posters of sports teams from every decade. He opened a closet door, revealing hundreds of t-shirts and sweatshirts.
 
  "What the hell?" he thought to himself as he looked around the room. This wasn't his house... it was George's! But how had George gotten here? And why hadn't he gone home yet? It seemed like he should have already left for work. Was he late? Had Don somehow traveled back in time?
 
  "Hey, Donny!" George called out from the living room. He was wearing his usual clothes: khakis and a button-up shirt with a tie. "Want to see what I've been up to?"
 
  He followed George into his office. It looked like he had taken over NBC Sports. There were hundreds of pictures of him hanging on the walls, including one of him and Don from their college days. That picture was the only thing that made Don feel at home in this place.
 
  "I've got some great news, Donny," George said as he sat down behind his desk. He reached into a drawer and pulled out a stack of papers. He began to read from them. "This is my contract with NBC Sports. It's good for five years. I'm going to be making $5 million a year."
 
  "That's great!" Don said, surprised that George had never told him about this new job. "What are you going to do?"
 
  George smiled and then laughed. "You wouldn't believe it! I've got my own show on NBC called 'SportsCenter.'"
 
  That made Don laugh out loud. "Wow... that sounds like fun!" He remembered watching SportsCenter with his friends back in college. It seemed like a long time ago now.
 
  George smiled and continued reading from the papers. "This contract says that I'm allowed to play any sport I want during my show. That includes hockey, basketball, baseball..." he stopped for a moment before continuing. "Oh yeah... and golf!" He laughed again and then turned serious. "But don't tell anyone about this, OK?"
 
  Don nodded his head and said "Sure." He didn't want to ruin George's surprise.
 
  "Good," George replied as he put the papers back into the drawer. "Now let's go downstairs to watch some sports!"