 I began to panic. I didn't know what was going on or why it was happening. Was this really happening? Hadn't it only been a few months since my last attack of migraines? 

When my headache subsided, I realized that I wasn't in my room. Instead, I was lying in the middle of a street, and people were staring at me with curious looks on their faces. I tried to get up, but my arms were heavy, and I could barely move them. As if in a dream, I watched as an ambulance pulled into the intersection and several men lifted me into the back of it.

They asked me questions about who I was, where I lived, what had happened to me. They said they were taking me to the hospital. 

I didn't know why this was happening, but something inside me told me that if I did not go with them, it might be the last time anyone saw me alive. 

Later on at the hospital, a nurse came in to tell me that my friend had called him earlier and told him about the attack on me. She said she didn't know anything else except for what he had told her over the phone, but it was enough to get them to come investigate what had happened to me. 

She also said they would be waiting outside until I was finished talking with my doctor so they could take me back home where I belonged. As soon as she left, I looked around for any sign of my friend's presence in the room but there wasn't any trace of her anywhere except for the flowers on my bedside table that said `` Get Well Soon'' on them. 

I felt very alone and scared after what had happened to me earlier today even though everyone else seemed fine about it which made me feel even more isolated than ever before. The only person who could help me understand why this had happened was my friend who called the police but she wasn't there anymore so all I could do was wait for someone else to come along and tell me what had happened next after my attack today.

As I lay there in bed with my eyes closed, a voice whispered softly into my ear: `` You don't need any more pain...'' The voice sounded like an angel singing in my ear but it wasn't coming from outside of me or anything like that...it was coming directly from inside my head! 

`` Don't worry, '' the voice continued. `` We will take care of everything for you now.''  
 The next thing I knew I was being pushed through a tunnel filled with bright lights and people cheering on either side of me as if they were welcoming home some sort of hero...but then again maybe that was just my imagination trying to make sense out of all this craziness going on inside my mind right now! 

`` Thank God you're safe,'' someone said to me before fading back into the darkness from where they came. 

`` What happened?'' I asked the person standing next to me who looked just like my friend except she had blonde hair instead of brown like mine does right now so maybe it was her after all? But why would she have blonde hair if she was already dead? 

She didn't answer my question at first but when she did it was like she wasn't even there anymore because everything went black again!  
`` We had to kill her,'' said another voice from somewhere inside my head again. `` She knew too much.''  
 I opened my eyes and realized that I was still lying on the floor of a hospital room but now there were two people standing over me watching me sleep or something like that...but what did they mean when they said `` We had to kill her''? Was this some kind of dream or was it real life happening right now right in front of my eyes? 

`` Why did you have to do something like this?'' I asked them again before fading back into unconsciousness once more...this time for good!