 by using an ally. Let the Hero believe that his opponent is a fair fighter, but he is only interested in self-preservation. Do not fight the Hero's ally, unless this will make the Hero even more overconfident. 
 
 Rule # 4: If you can strike at the Hero from behind, do so. See Rule # 1. 
 
 Rule # 5: Never allow the Hero to capture an important item before you have had a chance to destroy it or use it against him. Remember that your mission is to defeat and/or kill the Hero. Anything else is just a distraction from his main objective. 
 
 Rule # 6: If possible, get the Hero's ally to help you in your fight against the Hero. The more Hero allies there are to defeat, the better it will be for you.
 
 Rule # 7: Keep the Hero away from allies as much as possible. Heroes, even with an army at their side, can be killed by one determined enemy. Remember Rule # 5 and destroy any items that could get into the hands of the Hero's ally or enemies. This will ensure that your mission is accomplished.
 
 Rule # 8: If you are a team leader, do not let any other members of your team turn against the Hero. The more of his allies he defeats, the easier it will be to defeat him. Be prepared for one of his allies to take advantage of your trust and destroy you from behind.
 
 Rule # 9: If you are a team leader, do not let any other member of your team turn against you. See Rule # 8.
 
 Rule # 10: If you have been assigned the mission of killing the Hero's ally (or allies), try to defeat the enemy quickly and quietly, so as to give the impression that he died in a fair fight. The more the enemy believes that he lost because he was outclassed, outnumbered or just plain unlucky, the easier it will be for you to kill him and complete your mission.
 
 Rule # 11: Do not fall for the Hero's tricks and gimmicks. He is only trying to get you off balance so that he can defeat you quickly and without difficulty. See Rule # 2.
 
 Rule # 12: If the enemy has a weakness, try to exploit it. The more damaged his equipment or clothing is, the easier it will be for you to defeat him. If possible, shoot out the lights in the room before attacking. This will give you an advantage over your opponent and make it easier for you to finish off his ally.
 
 Rule # 13: Do not allow yourself to get distracted by Heroes or their allies. Remember that your mission is to defeat them, so stay focused on the task at hand. If they are causing trouble, then take care of them immediately and continue with your mission.
 
 Rule # 14: If you have been assigned the mission of killing a group of enemies, do not get distracted by Heroes or their allies. See Rule # 13.
 
 Rule # 15: Do not allow yourself to be distracted by members of your own team who are trying to kill each other. Remember that this is a competition between you and your opponents, so stay focused on the task at hand. If one or more members of your team are trying to turn against the enemy (or you), take care of them immediately and continue with your mission.
 
 Rule # 16: Do not allow yourself to get distracted by Heroes or their allies. Remember that your mission is to defeat them, so stay focused on the task at hand. If they are causing trouble, then take care of them immediately and continue with your mission.
 
 Rule # 17: If you have been assigned the mission of killing a group of enemies, do not get distracted by Heroes or their allies. See Rule # 13.
 
 Rule # 18: Do not allow yourself to be distracted by members of your own team who are trying to kill each other. Remember that this is a competition between you and your opponents, so stay focused on the task at hand. If one or more members of your team are trying to turn against the enemy (or you), take care of them immediately and continue with your mission.
 
 Rule # 19: Do not allow yourself to get distracted by Heroes or their allies. Remember that your mission is to defeat them, so stay focused on the task at hand. If they are causing trouble, then take care of them immediately and continue with your mission.
 
 Rule # 20: If you have been assigned the mission of killing a group of enemies, do not get distracted by Heroes or their allies. See Rule # 13.
 
 Rule # 21: Do not allow yourself to be distracted by members of your own team who are trying to kill each other. Remember that this is a competition between you and your opponents, so stay focused on the task at hand. If one or more members of your team are trying to turn against the enemy (or you), take care of them immediately and continue with your mission.
 
 Rule # 22: Do not allow yourself to get distracted by Heroes or their allies. Remember that your mission is to defeat them, so stay focused on the task at hand. If they are causing trouble, then take care of them immediately and continue with your mission.
 
 Rule # 23: If you have been assigned the mission of killing a group of enemies, do not get distracted by Heroes or their allies. See Rule # 13.
 
 Rule # 24: Do not allow yourself to be distracted by members of your own team who are trying to kill each other. Remember that this is a competition between you and your opponents, so stay focused on the task at hand. If one or more members of your team are trying to turn against the enemy (or you), take care of them immediately and continue with your mission.
 
 Rule # 25: Do not allow yourself to get distracted by Heroes or their allies. Remember that your mission is to defeat them, so stay focused on the task at hand. If they are causing trouble, then take care of them immediately and continue with your mission.
 
 Rule # 26: If you have been assigned the mission of killing a group of enemies, do not get distracted by Heroes or their allies. See Rule # 13.
 
 Rule # 27: Do not allow yourself to be distracted by members of your own team who are trying to kill each other. Remember that this is a competition between you and your opponents, so stay focused on the task at hand. If one or more members of your team are trying to turn against the enemy (or you), take care of them immediately and continue with your mission.
 
 Rule # 28: Do not allow yourself to get distracted by Heroes or their allies. Remember that your mission is to defeat them, so stay focused on the task at hand. If they are causing trouble, then take care of them immediately and continue with your mission.
 
 Rule # 29: If you have been assigned the mission of killing a group of enemies, do not get distracted by Heroes or their allies. See Rule # 13.
 
 Rule # 30: Do not allow yourself to be distracted by members of your own team who are trying to kill each other. Remember that this is a competition between you and your opponents, so stay focused on the task at hand. If one or more members of your team are trying to turn against the enemy (or you), take care of them immediately and continue with your mission.
 
 Rule # 31: Do not allow yourself to get distracted by Heroes or their allies. Remember that your mission is to defeat them, so stay focused on the task at hand. If they are causing trouble, then take care of them immediately and continue with your mission.
 
 Rule # 32: If you have been assigned the mission of killing a group of enemies, do not get distracted by Heroes or their allies. See Rule # 13.
 
 Rule # 33: Do not allow yourself to be distracted by members of your own team who are trying to kill each other. Remember that this is a competition between you and your opponents, so stay focused on the task at hand. If one or more members of your team are trying to turn against the enemy (or you), take care of them immediately and continue with your mission.
 
 Rule # 34: Do not allow yourself to get distracted by Heroes or their allies. Remember that your mission is to defeat them, so stay focused on the task at hand. If they are causing trouble, then take care of them immediately and continue with your mission.
 
 Rule # 35: If you have been assigned the mission of killing a group of enemies, do not get distracted by Heroes or their allies. See Rule # 13.
 
 Rule # 36: Do not allow yourself to be distracted by members of your own team who are trying to kill each other. Remember that this is a competition between you and your opponents, so stay focused on the task at hand. If one or more members of your team are trying to turn against the enemy (or you), take care of them immediately and continue with your mission.
 