's going out with one of them, a woman named Alice, who asks him if he would like to have sex with her. His answer is ambiguous but we learn that he's been sleeping in the basement since he was eight years old and is scared to go upstairs. He knows this because his sister tells him so.
 
 A guy comes in to fix some stuff downstairs and he shows the children a video of a woman getting raped by three men. The kids are frightened but they laugh at it too. When he goes back upstairs Alice says that she wants to marry him. She's going to move into his house, and she tells him that if he doesn't want her to go then he should kill himself.
 
 He refuses, but later on when Alice is about to leave he says goodbye to the kids before killing himself. The children are happy because they think that their father is finally coming home. They start a game of hide and seek downstairs.
 
 A bunch of guys come in and kill them all except for one little girl who hides under the bed. She's scared but when she looks up there are two men standing over her with knives. They tell her that they're going to rape her. When they try to rape her the girl bites one of them and runs out into the street where she is hit by a car.
 
 The other man gets away with it but he has lost his gun and will now have to kill himself in order to avoid being arrested for murder.
 
 He goes back upstairs where Alice is waiting for him with another guy who wants to marry her too. Alice says that she doesn't want to marry either of them, so the two men start fighting over her. One of them kills the other one by throwing his body into a fireplace. Alice cries out in pain because he has killed her sister, but then he turns around and shoots himself with Alice's gun.
 
 The end of this story is quite tragic but it does have some nice touches. It starts off like a normal family drama with one couple trying to get married while another couple tries not to lose their children or their minds over it all. Then it goes into the bizarre realm of a man who lives in a basement and takes his business partners down there to show them what he's been doing for years; taking care of these kids who were abducted by aliens when they were just eight-years-old!
 
 The story then becomes more surrealistic as we see how this guy is going about things—he keeps killing people off because it seems like he can’t stop himself from doing so (or maybe because he really does want them dead). Finally we get an ending that ties everything together: two women are fighting over him; one wants to marry him while another tries not to lose her children or her mind over the whole thing.
 
 In conclusion: I liked this story because it was very weird but also had some nice touches like how Alice keeps trying not to lose her mind over what happened with her sister being killed by her boyfriend who then turned around and shot himself with Alice’s gun.