 making the beam dance over the walls as she moves it around the small chamber. The air is thick with dust but there ’ s no other smell. Nothing to make her think someone else had been here before her.

“ Hello? ” She calls out into the darkness, “ anyone here? ”.

The silence seems to last forever. Jen is certain that she can hear the thumping of her own heart in her ears. It ’ s as if time itself has stopped and she waits for an eternity.

“ Hello! ” she calls out again.

There ’s no response this time. A slight sound from behind her makes Jen spin around, but it ’s only the dust particles dancing in the beam of her flashlight. Nothing else seems to be moving and Jen slowly moves toward the door that leads into the tunnel. She presses her ear against the rough wooden surface and listens hard for anything that might give her a clue about what ’ s on the other side, but there’s nothing.

The thought of stepping through this dark opening is enough to send cold sweat down Jen ’s back. Her heart is racing and her breath comes in short gasps as she wonders if it would be better just stay here where things seem familiar rather than risking what might lie beyond the doorway. She takes a deep breath and steps forward into the unknown.

Jen steps through the door and into the tunnel, trying not to let the darkness get to her. The air feels stale and there’s a strange smell that reminds her of damp soil mixed with something sweet – like rotting fruit or vegetables. She can barely see anything as she takes slow steps forward, feeling her way along the walls with her hands while keeping close to them at all times.

A soft glow begins to appear ahead of her and Jen stops in surprise. It’s hard for her eyes to adjust but it looks like there’s some kind of light coming from the other end of this tunnel – a faint blueish-green glow that seems almost ethereal in its beauty. Jen takes another step forward, drawn by curiosity as well as fear at what she might find on the other side.

The closer she gets to where the light is coming from, the brighter it becomes until she can finally make out shapes ahead of her – shapes that seem to be moving! As if they’re alive… But then again, maybe not? It could just be an optical illusion caused by something else entirely. Jen takes another step forward and now she sees a large door ahead of her – made of wood covered in some kind of mossy substance and it looks like it’s been there for ages! She reaches out to touch it but stops when she feels something move beneath her hand…

Jen gasps in surprise as two small red eyes appear right before hers – they seem to be glowing slightly with a strange light that shimmers on their surface. The eyes blink once before disappearing again behind whatever creature was hiding behind this door… And then another set of eyes appears beside them, even brighter than the first ones! Jen takes a step back in horror and stares at what seems to be some kind of monster standing in front of her – its skin covered in scales that are dark green with a hint of blue or maybe purple? Its body is long and slender while its head looks more like an owl’s than any animal she has ever seen before!

“ What are you doing here? ” The creature asks, its voice sounding deep yet somewhat raspy at the same time… Like sandpaper being rubbed against stone or something similar… “ And who let you in?” It adds before stepping forward toward Jen with such speed that she barely has enough time to react before it reaches out and grabs her by both arms!

Jen screams as her mind is filled with images of the creature’s sharp teeth, its long claws… Of its cold skin touching hers and how much it would hurt if those scales were to scratch against her flesh. But then suddenly everything stops – no more sound or light or movement anywhere around them except for what seems like an endless void beyond the door where they stand now.

“ Where are we? ” Jen whispers, feeling as if her voice has been stolen from her… Or maybe she’s just too afraid to speak anymore because the creature is staring at her with a strange look in its eyes that makes it seem almost human for a moment before returning back to whatever monster it was before!

“ We are in my home now,” The creature says, “ And you should be thankful that I allowed you inside… Or else your life would’ve ended long ago.” It adds before letting go of Jen and stepping back once more so she can see him better.

Jen looks around at what seems to be some kind of cave made out of stone with stalactites hanging from its ceiling like giant icicles waiting for someone (or something) to come along and break them off one by one! The creature is standing right in front of her now – it looks almost human except for that strange greenish-blue skin covering his body and those huge red eyes glowing with an otherworldly light…

“ Who are you? ” Jen asks, feeling like this has all been some kind of nightmare that she can’t wake up from yet. But then again, maybe it’s not a dream at all? Maybe everything is real after all! The thought sends chills down her spine as the creature takes another step forward toward her…

“ I am called Ganondorf,” He says before stepping back again and taking his time to look around the cave one more time. “ But you can call me Drax if you want.” He adds with a smile that doesn’t seem to reach his eyes at all… Or maybe it does? It’s hard for Jen to tell because everything seems so surreal right now… Like she’s been transported into another world where nothing makes sense anymore!

“ What are you doing here? ” She asks again, feeling even more scared than before… As if something deep inside of her knows what will happen next but is powerless against whatever it is that lurks inside this cave with them now!

“ I came here looking for my sister,” Drax replies as he looks back at Jen once more with those red eyes glowing softly in the dark. “ She was taken from me long ago and I want to find out why… And who took her.” He adds before stepping forward again so close that their bodies are almost touching each other now!

“ Why would anyone take your sister?” Jen asks, feeling as if she already knows the answer but doesn’t want to say it out loud just yet. “ And what does this have to do with me being here? ” She adds before taking another step back and hoping that he won’t notice… But it’s too late because Drax is already moving toward her once again!

“ You are a human,” He says with an almost predatory smile on his face. “ And humans have the ability to sense things that I cannot.” His eyes narrow as if trying to see inside Jen ’s mind for something – anything! – but she doesn’t give him what he wants… Instead, she takes another step back and tries not to look scared or afraid even though she feels like running away from this monster right now!

“ What do you mean?” She asks instead of answering his question about her being human. Maybe if she can find out why Drax wants something from her then maybe he’ll let them go… Or at least leave them alone long enough to figure out how they got here in the first place!

“ You have the ability to sense danger,” He says with a smile that doesn’t reach his eyes again. “ And I need someone who can help me find my sister.”

Jen feels like she wants to say something else but instead stays silent as Drax continues talking… Almost like he knows what she’s thinking or feeling at all times!

“ What do you know about Hyrule Castle? ” He asks finally after taking another step forward toward her. His voice is deep and powerful – almost hypnotic in its effect on Jen… As if he has already won whatever battle they are having right now!

“ Nothing,” She replies as she takes one more step back, hoping that will be enough to make him stop before it’s too late. “ I don’t even know why I came here!”

Drax looks at her with a smile that seems to get wider and brighter by the second… As if he knows something she doesn’t! “ That is because you have been chosen for this task,” He says softly as if trying not to scare her even more than before. His voice sounds almost hypnotic in its effect on Jen… Like it can make her do whatever he wants just by saying a few words!

“ What task? ” She asks with an unsteady voice that doesn’t seem to belong to her at all… As if someone else has taken control of her mind and body right now!

Drax looks at her again before taking another step forward. His eyes are glowing bright red now – almost as if there was some kind of fire burning deep inside them! “ You need to find Hyrule Castle,” He says in a voice that sounds like an echo from some far away place… As if it has been spoken by someone long dead or forgotten by time itself!

“ What? Why? ” She asks before taking another step back and hoping that will be enough to make him stop. But it’s too late because Drax is already moving toward her again