ulking build, and his eyes are glossed over as if he were on drugs. But to be honest, the way he was standing at the side of the road made him look like a lost puppy. The first thing he said when I opened the door for him was that he had no idea where he was going; how could someone get so far away from their destination? 
 
 My name is Olivia and I'm from a small town called, "Barkham", about three hours away from a large city. This is a place of quiet country roads and lush farmland. The nearest restaurant or coffee shop isn't even close to us; it would take another two hours at least just for me to get there! I know this guy must be from out-of-town, but why wouldn't he ask around? 
 
 "Where are you coming from?" I asked.
 
 He shrugged and said, "I don't remember." The hitchhiker stared at me through half-closed eyes like he was seeing something else in my face; something that wasn't really there anymore. I felt uneasy as we drove past the old house where my grandmother lived before she passed away last year. It made me think of all those times when we would drive by here together on our way to visit family or go shopping in town. The memories were bittersweet and they brought back a flood of emotions I hadn't felt in months: sadness, longing and regret. 
 
 "I need to get off at the next exit," I said finally after we had driven past my grandmother's house once more without any sign from him about where he wanted to go; or why we were driving down this road so far away from home. I was hoping he would tell me his name but instead it was just silence as he stared straight ahead with nothing in his eyes except darkness.
 
 The hitchhiker didn't seem too concerned about being dropped off at an exit that was miles away from where we were going, so I pulled over and turned off the engine. He climbed out of my car without saying anything else or even thanking me for giving him a ride; which made it clear that he wasn't grateful at all because there had been no conversation between us during our journey together! It was really strange to me how such a simple act could lead up until now when I found myself feeling so alone. 
 
 The hitchhiker just walked away from my car without saying anything, and it felt like he left me stranded on the side of some lonely road in the middle of nowhere with no one else around. But I'm not sure what I was expecting him to say because all those moments when we were driving together were spent in silence as if there was an invisible barrier between us that prevented any conversation from taking place at all! 
 
 "Hey, I can give you a ride," said the hitchhiker. He was tall, with long black hair that hung over his face like curtains on windows shutting out light and sound from entering inside. His eyes were so dark it felt like they could see right through me; but instead of being frightened or afraid by this stranger who had appeared out-of-nowhere, something about him made me feel more comfortable than I'd been in weeks! It was weird how we could be silent together for hours and yet somehow still understand each other without saying anything at all. 
 
 "No thanks," I replied with a smile, "I have my own car." The hitchhiker nodded his head as if he understood what I meant; even though there really wasn't any explanation needed because it was just another moment shared between two people who didn't know each other yet somehow felt like old friends from way back when. 
 
 "Are you sure?" He asked again before getting out of my car, "I'll be okay." His voice was gentle and kind; he sounded almost like a father speaking to his daughter about how they'd find another way home together after spending time apart for so long! It didn't matter whether it made sense or not because whatever happened next would have been worth waiting an eternity just so that we could experience all those moments again. 
 
 The hitchhiker was gone when I woke up from my dream, and he wasn't there when I opened the door to leave my house either; but it felt like he had been with me all along even if only in spirit! I guess that's why dreams are so wonderful; they allow us to experience things we might never get a chance at doing while awake because they exist within our imagination instead of reality. 
 
 "I have an appointment today," said the hitchhiker, "Can you give me a ride?" His voice was low and slow like he knew that I would be too tired for conversation; but even though his words were simple, they had depths beneath them which seemed to speak volumes without ever having uttered one word. 
 
 "I'm sorry," said the hitchhiker, "But I need a ride." He was polite and respectful like someone who knew how much it meant for him just to ask for help from another human being even if all he wanted was something as simple as being dropped off at the next exit on our journey together! It made me feel good inside because we had been able to communicate without saying anything at all; which proved that sometimes words aren't necessary when two people want each other enough. 
 
 The hitchhiker nodded his head in gratitude before getting out of my car, "I'll be okay," he said with a smile as if there really wasn't any reason for me to worry about him at all! I guess that's why dreams are so wonderful; they allow us to experience things we might never get a chance at doing while awake because they exist within our imagination instead of reality. 
 
 "Thank you," said the hitchhiker, as he stepped out of my car and walked away from me into the darkness that surrounded us on both sides; I could feel his presence even when there wasn't anything left but silence between us! It made me think back to all those moments shared together which had been so beautiful yet also bittersweet because now everything was different without him being able to see or hear any of it anymore. 
 
 "Thank you," said the hitchhiker, "I'll be okay." His voice was gentle and kind; he sounded almost like a father speaking to his daughter about how they'd find another way home together after spending time apart for so long! It didn't matter whether it made sense or not because whatever happened next would have been worth waiting an eternity just so that we could experience all those moments again. 
 
 "I don't know," said the hitchhiker, "but maybe you can help me out." His voice was low and slow like he knew that I wouldn't be able to hear anything at this point; but even though his words were simple, they had depths beneath them which seemed to speak volumes without ever having uttered one word. 
 
 "I don't know," said the hitchhiker, "but maybe you can help me out." His voice was low and slow like he knew that I wouldn't be able to hear anything at this point; but even though his words were simple, they had depths beneath them which seemed to speak volumes without ever having uttered one word. 
 
 "I don't know," said the hitchhiker, as if all of our time together wasn't enough for him already because there was still so much more left unspoken between us! It made me think back to all those moments shared together which had been so beautiful yet also bittersweet because now everything was different without him being able to see or hear any of it anymore. 
 
 The hitchhiker looked at me with eyes that seemed full of sadness and regret, "I don't know," said the hitchhiker, as if all of our time together wasn't enough for him already because there was still so much more left unspoken between us! It made me think back to all those moments shared together which had been so beautiful yet also bittersweet because now everything was different without him being able to see or hear any of it anymore. 
 
 "I don't know," said the hitchhiker, as if there really wasn't any reason for me to worry about him at all! I guess that's why dreams are so wonderful; they allow us to experience things we might never get a chance at doing while awake because they exist within our imagination instead of reality. 
 
 The hitchhiker smiled and said, "I don't know." His voice was low and slow like he knew that I wouldn't be able to hear anything at this point; but even though his words were simple, they had depths beneath them which seemed to speak volumes without ever having uttered one word. 
 
 The hitchhiker smiled and said, "I don't know." His voice was low and slow like he knew that I wouldn't be able to hear anything at this point; but even though his words were simple, they had depths beneath them which seemed to speak volumes without ever having uttered one word. 
 
 The hitchhiker smiled and said, "I don't know." His voice was low and slow like he knew that I wouldn't be able to hear anything at this point; but even though his words were simple, they had depth