vering with the breeze, and the warmth of the sun’s rays dancing upon his skin were so different from the dark dankness and freezing cold he had just left that it was a shock to his system.

“Ah, you are awake?” The sweetest voice reached out and pulled him back into his body, the soft feminine hand stroking his arm. “I am so sorry I took my anger out on you.” She looked at him with an apologetic expression on her face.

His eyes were still closed but he felt her touch, the warmth of her skin, and the softness of her lips as they brushed against his cheek. He couldn’t move but he could feel her there, so close that their bodies touched, and inhale her sweet scent. Her hand moved across his chest to his stomach, and then it was gone from his awareness.

His eyes slowly opened, and he blinked a few times as they adjusted to the bright light of midday. He looked at the beautiful woman with disbelief etched on his face.

“I am sorry, my lord,” she said softly. “I did not mean for that to happen.” She turned away and began gathering up the rest of the flowers scattered across the lawn, careful not to touch him again. “You must be very frightened. I was angry at myself for losing control. I should have had more sense than to let my emotions get the better of me like that.”

“I’m sorry,” he whispered and tried to sit up but could only raise his head slightly as his arms refused to obey him. “My lady, you must be cold, let me help you with your cloak.” His hands reached out to touch her and she smiled at him before bending down to lift the hem of her dress so that he could put his hand through it and pull it off over her head.

She wore a white shift with delicate embroidery along the neckline, which he had never seen before on any woman at court except for Queen Aislinn. This was clearly some sort of special occasion dress but still it left most of her body exposed to him and his eyes followed every curve and line as she turned away from him once more to gather up her skirts so that they could walk back toward the castle.

“You are too kind,” she said as she walked beside him with one hand holding onto his arm for balance. “I should have let you go before I lost control but I could not bear to see your face in pain. The other night when we were together in the garden, it was so different from last time.”

Her voice was soft and gentle, her tone soothing as she spoke to him like an old friend who had known his family for many years. It made him feel more at ease than he had since they first met a few days earlier. He could see now how much she cared about him but he wondered why she had not told him this before? Was it because he was still her prisoner, or perhaps she did not want to give away too much until she knew that he would never leave?

“I know,” he said softly. “It felt different from the first time.” He looked at her and smiled but then turned back towards the castle as they walked closer together, hand in hand like lovers rather than a king with his prisoner.

“My lord,” she whispered softly. “You must come inside so that we can talk in private.” She leaned against him for balance when their feet met the stone steps leading up into the castle. As soon as her body was pressed against his, he felt something warm and wet running down one of his legs. He looked down to see a trail of blood slowly oozing out from beneath his calf where she had been holding onto him. “You have cut yourself,” she whispered again with concern in her eyes.

He stopped walking and reached down to pull up the bottom hem of his robe so that he could inspect his leg more closely. When he saw how badly it was bleeding, he turned pale at the sight of all that blood flowing onto the ground from an injury which had only been caused by her hand holding onto him for support as they walked along together like lovers. “I’m sorry,” she whispered again with tears in her eyes as she reached out to touch his cheek gently.

“It is my fault,” he said softly and reached out to hold both of her hands between his own before kissing them gently on the cheek while looking into those beautiful eyes full of compassion for him. “I should have been more careful.” He turned around so that they were now facing one another, and he let go of her hands to brush away some of the blood on the hem of his robe which had spread over its front as well.

She looked down at what she had done before turning towards the door so that they could go inside where it was warm. “We will stop here,” she said softly and then opened the door for him to walk inside first, her hand still holding onto his arm for balance as if he were an old man with no strength in either leg or arm.

As soon as they entered the castle, she released her grip on him so that they could take separate paths towards wherever it was that she wanted them both to go. He was not sure why she did not want him following right behind her but knew better than to question her judgment at this point. It had been a long time since anyone other than himself had seen fit to care about how much pain he was in or what sort of condition his body might be in after years spent imprisoned inside that castle on the top of the hill with no one except himself for company.

She led him down a hallway which looked very familiar, and then stopped at an archway where she turned back towards him so that they could talk face to face once more before going any further into whatever secret place it was she wanted them both to go inside together alone. “My lord,” she whispered softly as tears filled her eyes again while looking down at him with a mixture of sadness and pity on her beautiful face for this man who had spent so many years imprisoned in a castle by himself without anyone to care about him or his welfare.

“I am sorry if you were hurt,” he said softly but did not know what else to say as she continued staring down at him with such sadness in her eyes, tears slowly rolling down one cheek before being caught by another hand holding onto the hem of his robe while reaching up to brush away any blood which might still be dripping from his leg. “You do not need to apologize,” she whispered softly but then turned away so that he could no longer see what she was doing with her hands behind him, and he followed her inside without another word being spoken between them.

They walked along a long corridor for quite some time before turning down one of the many hallways leading off into the darkness of the castle once more until they came to another door which was opened by one of his servants when she knocked on it with both hands like an old woman who had just been brought in from outside after spending most of her life working for him at this place.

“My lord,” he whispered softly before turning towards her as if to say something else but could not because there was no longer any blood running down either leg or arm as she now stood beside him watching him carefully while reaching out with one hand to touch his shoulder gently so that she would not have to move too close in order for them both to be able to speak without being interrupted by the servants who had been following them all along.

“Come,” she whispered softly, and then turned around as if they were about to enter another secret part of this castle where no one else except him and her would ever go again because it was such a sacred place inside his heart where only those two people could truly understand how much pain he had been through for so many years before finally being rescued by her from an enemy who wanted nothing more than to see him die.