unk back down into a kneeling position as fast as possible. He sat down behind his desk, picking up a file from a pile and examining it.  
 
 `` Well now.'' He looked at her with something like amusement `` You are going to be of use to me, aren't you?''   
 
 She nodded slowly, the words stuck in her throat.  `` Yes sir.''  She croaked out, feeling slightly panicked.   
 
 The man smiled and shook his head.   `` No need for formality Mary.'' He said simply. `` I know who you are and what you have done.''  His eyes were keen and she felt herself relax a little.  She knew who he was.    
 
 She wasn't exactly sure how she had heard about him, but in the weeks before she'd seen him on every news station possible.  ``The Black Suit'' they called him, with some of his own name and a few of the others he'd been called. He was a man that got results and made them stick, if you were the type to have things like that done.  She had never considered herself that kind of person before, but after she saw her daughter murdered before her eyes in front of her very own home, she knew there wasn't anything she wouldn't do or say for vengeance.  
 
 ``I am in need of an assassin.'' The man continued without pause. `` I have a target that I will give you full dossiers on, as soon as you are able to confirm that you understand the risk, I will offer you the contract.'' He reached over to one of the drawers in his desk and pulled out a picture, handing it to her.   
 
 The photo was of two men, both holding guns, staring at the camera with almost identical expressions. They looked like they were brothers.   `` These are your targets.''  He said simply `` You have a week to prepare for this, do you accept?''    
 
 She nodded without hesitation, a strange calmness spreading over her as she took in the faces on the picture.  ``Yes sir.''  She replied evenly, taking it from him and sliding it into her pocket.   
 
 She stood up and looked at him expectantly, her arms straight at her sides and her legs crossed.   
 
 He nodded slightly, standing up and moving towards a door behind his desk that he opened.   `` I will have the dossiers sent to you shortly.''    
 
 Mary saluted and left the room as fast as possible before she could say anything else. She would need all the time she could get.   
 
--------------------

``You look like shit, kid.'' The man said simply, handing him a bottle of water.  
 
 ``I'm fine sir.'' He replied as he took it from him.  He knew he didn't look good, but the last week had been hell on him.  He'd already completed 3 missions for Black Suit and he was now looking at his fourth.   
 
 Black suit had given him an impossible task. He had to take out both of the people in the picture that Mary had brought with her.  There were a few reasons why this was difficult, but the first was that the man on the left was one of the most notorious hitmen around. His name was Joe and he wasn't exactly known for being forgiving. The second reason was that the person in the middle was the leader of Black Suit's own gang. He had a name as well, but it would be pointless to tell it here since no one knows his real one anyway.  Mary had only been given the information about them and Black Suit himself had warned her that if she told anyone else anything about what she was doing it could cost both of their lives.   
 
 She hadn't been a particularly good listener, but now they were all in danger because of her carelessness.   
 
 ``You look like hell, kid.'' The man said again `` What are you going to do about this?''    
 
 The kid looked at him and shrugged slightly before taking a sip from the bottle and then shaking his head `` I don't know sir.'' He admitted honestly.   
 
 Black Suit nodded slowly, understanding well that there was little he could do either.   They were both going to have a long talk when they got back home but for now they needed to focus on the task at hand.   
 
 ``We need to go back.'' He told him simply and the kid nodded before following him out of the building into his car.  
 
 The drive was long, but not nearly as bad as it could have been.   Black Suit didn't say a word the entire time and when they got home he went straight to bed without saying anything else.   
 
--------------------

``Sir?'' The kid asked cautiously `` I don't think that I can do this anymore.''   
 
 Black suit looked up from his desk, glaring at him for a moment before nodding slowly.   He had never been one to be cruel or violent with his employees unless it was absolutely necessary but now he felt like he could kill the man without any guilt whatsoever.   He didn't want to lose another person, even if it meant that there would be no more work for him.   The kid knew how serious this mission was and yet he still couldn't do it.   
 
 Black Suit had given him a very specific set of instructions and the only reason why he had agreed to take on this particular job in the first place is because they were both so desperate for money at that time.   The kid didn't want to admit it but there was no way he could have completed any other missions without some sort of help.   He was lucky enough to have his own set of skills that he had used on many occasions before, however now that those abilities seemed useless as well, there wasn't much he could do.   
 
 ``I am sorry kid but I don't think we can afford a loss right now.'' He said simply, not wanting to hurt the boy but also knowing it was necessary in order for them both to survive.   The kid looked down at his feet before nodding slowly and turning around without saying anything else.   
 
 Black Suit watched him leave then turned back towards his computer screen where he had been working on some papers when suddenly there was a knock on the door.    He got up from his desk and walked over, opening it to see an older man standing outside with two others behind him.   He knew immediately who they were by their dress but before he could say anything they spoke first.    
 
 ``We are here to collect our payment.'' The man in the middle said simply as he walked inside without waiting for Black Suit's answer.   
 
 Black suit didn't know what to do but then thought about all of his options and quickly realized that there was only one thing left to try:   ``Follow me.'' He told them simply before turning around and walking back into the room where he had been working on his papers.   
 
 The three men followed him silently until they came up behind a desk which contained a set of very expensive looking equipment along with several large bags filled with cash.    It was all Black Suit's property but now that they were here there wasn't anything he could do about it.   They had come to collect their payment and as long as they left quietly everything would be fine.   
 
 The three men started gathering up the money when suddenly one of them looked over at him with a very concerned expression on his face before asking ``Is this what we were looking for?''   
 
 Black Suit nodded slowly, not wanting to say anything else since they didn't really need his permission as long as they did everything quietly.    
 
 The man in the middle looked over at him with an angry expression on his face before saying ``We are going to take it all.'' He said simply and Black Suit didn't argue this time.   
 
 The three men started taking out bags filled with money from one of the large bags while Black suit just watched silently, not knowing what he could do without putting himself in danger or giving away their location.   
 
 They took everything they could carry before leaving quietly so that no one else would be able to hear them as well as making sure none of them were followed by any of the other people who were working inside the building at that time.   Black Suit knew that there was nothing he could do about it but now he didn't feel like he could trust anyone anymore which made him even more nervous than before since every single one of his friends had betrayed him in some way or another during this past week alone.   
 
 He sat down at the desk again, not knowing what else to do other than wait until someone came back for him and hopefully they would still be alive when that happened which is why Black Suit was so glad that he didn't have anyone left to care about anymore since it was always going to be like this.   
 
 He watched as the money went into one of their bags before nodding silently and turning away from them, not wanting to say anything else even though they had just stolen everything he owned in order for him to pay off some debts that were due soon.   He sat down at his desk again and started working on a set of papers when