 take his wife to a real dinner for once. A thousand dollars was more than he could even imagine having at one time in his life.

He carefully inserted his card and punched in the numbers. It worked! Then came the prompt: Please select the amount of your deposit (1-10). He quickly hit ten, then entered his PIN to complete the transaction. The ATM screen read "Congratulations!"

Charlie was so happy he could barely contain himself and made a quick call to his wife to tell her. She told him it wasn't true but he had to show her, so he did. It really was there!

"Now don't be stupid," she said as Charlie was about to pull the money from the machine. "You know how they do things." She was right; he knew it, too. The bank would call and demand an explanation for such a huge deposit. They would freeze his account or even shut him down altogether. He might be able to use the money but then again maybe not.

He tried to explain why this had happened and what he intended to do with the money. His wife just laughed and said there was no point in arguing, she was going to call them herself first. She picked up a newspaper and started reading. Charlie stood by the phone waiting for the inevitable call.

It came soon enough. The man on the other end of the line didn't waste time with pleasantries or introductions. He asked if he had made an illegal transaction through his account.

"Of course not," Charlie answered, "I just withdrew a thousand dollars and I'm using it to pay off my loans."

"That can't be right," said the man. "Your balance is $460,200.61. Where did you get all this money?"

Charlie was dumbfounded. It must have been a mistake. He thanked him for the call and hung up the phone. His wife came over and said they had better go to the bank right now before it closed or they'd lose their chance.

When Charlie walked into his local branch he could tell at once that something was wrong; he wasn't sure what exactly until a security guard stepped out of the back room holding an M16. The man didn't look happy. He had been told there were two men trying to use large amounts of unaccounted for money from their accounts and they were looking for them. Charlie explained that this had all happened in error but it was too late; they wouldn't believe him.

"We have no choice," said the guard. "You'll be put into temporary custody until we can get an explanation." The man drew his weapon and pointed it at Charlie's head. He knew he wasn't going to make it out of there alive; that was just a fact, but he had one last wish before they pulled the trigger...

"I want my thousand dollars back," Charlie said.