ic AI. And that's all we have right now!''
 
 `` No Sir I don't understand what you mean. It seems very simple. We take her, we alter her code a bit and the problem is solved.''
 
 The commander sighed. '' No Atlan no, that won't work. First of all you wouldn't even be able to get into our main server without proper clearance and second, there's just too many factors at play here. She was designed by a master programmer named Tekiak, he was the best in his field at the time so we have no idea what kind of code he used and how it would react to your primitive little scripts.''
 
 `` So you want me to do all this manually?''
 
 `` Well I don't know Atlan I mean she is a biologic AI, and as such she is more like a living thing than just another piece of code. The very idea of altering her code seems inhumane to say the least.''
 
 `` Alright Sir!''
 
 At that point the commander could not help but laugh out loud. '' What are you smiling for? There's no solution is there?''
 
 `` Well I have an idea, it may work, but it won't be a pretty one.''
 
 The commander smiled and shook Atlan's hand as he got up from his chair. '' You may have a future here after all. Now go get some rest and see what you come up with. If I don't see results by morning, then we'll just have to revert to the next plan.''
 
 `` Yes Sir!'' Atlan said as he walked out of the office. The commander let himself a long sigh as he went back to his work station and began typing furiously at his keyboard. This had become a routine in the past few days. Ever since they were ordered to come up with some sort of solution to stop their AI from going haywire every night for the past week, they've been pulling all-nighters trying to find something that works.
 
 The only problem was that everything they tried had failed and now time was running out. If they didn't manage to solve this problem within a month, then it would be too late as their AI was getting more and more unstable by the day and soon she might start causing physical damage to the station itself. They were in a race against time now and every second counted.