 do you not?" He asked her and then added softly " Then you shall have him but on one condition. That is you leave the kingdom immediately with him and never return."
 
 The princess was shocked beyond belief. " Father I cannot do that!" She pleaded. " Please forgive me."
 
 But he would not listen to her, nor would he ever look at her again.  With a heavy heart she left her kingdom with the stableboy on the back of his horse. As they rode away she looked back and saw the castle in flames and all around it were dead bodies. She sobbed until she was empty but still there was nothing to be done.
 
 They rode for many days and nights until at last they came to a place that was warm and beautiful. The stableboy said " This is my home. I hope you like it." And then he looked sadly at her as if he knew what would happen next.  But she did not look sad for she felt happy in his company even though she knew her days with him were numbered.
 
 She loved him and told him so but he could not return her feelings for he was sworn to keep a promise that was made long ago when he was born. " I am sorry princess, you will have to leave me" And he held her one last time before she left him for the last time.
 
 But she did not die for as she rode away from her stableboy on his horse she met an old woman sitting at the side of a path who was weaving cloth and asked " What do you seek my child?" The princess replied that she had lost her way. " You have not lost your way dear heart but you are seeking your destiny." She said. And with that the old woman handed her a piece of the cloth that she was weaving.
 
 The princess took it and as soon as she held it in her hands she fell to the ground unconscious. When she awoke again she found herself at the foot of an old tree. And sitting on its branches were all those who had died in the burning of her castle. " We are here to protect you my child." The tree said and then they all flew away leaving only a small piece of cloth behind.
 
 But as the princess was weaving it into a crown she felt herself grow smaller and smaller until she was the size of a fly. And when she had finished it grew larger and larger until it became a castle that stood in its place. When she stepped through its doors she found herself back home again and no longer a fly but a princess once more.
 
 And so it was her stableboy rode up to the gates on his horse for he too had been made small enough to ride upon him. But when they were together again the castle began to burn down around them until there was nothing left of it but ashes and cinders. They stood there holding each other close and then he looked at her one last time before he vanished forever.
 
 " Now you will have your heart's desire." She said and then she took his hand in hers as they fell together into the blackness below them.