istfully in the summer breeze. The sun was streaming in through the window, and the birds were chirping merrily outside on the patio.
I swung my legs over the side of the bed and planted both feet squarely on the floorboards. I let myself fall back into the pillows as the day's stresses drifted away from me, until I was left with nothing but pure bliss and relaxation. As I felt a warmth spread throughout my body, my eyes began to droop closed, and my limbs began to grow heavy. I must have fallen asleep for a moment because when I opened them again, the sun had disappeared. The sky was dark gray as it usually is at nighttime in Portland, Oregon. I was sure that I had slept through the morning already, but I could still hear the sounds of my parents bustling around in the kitchen below me.
I stretched and yawned, my voice hoarse from sleep. I sat up to let my muscles find their places again. I sighed as a wave of relief washed over my body, and then I got out of bed and went downstairs to greet the day. As I walked down the stairs, I could hear my mom humming to herself in the kitchen, and the aroma of bacon began to waft towards me from downstairs.
"Good morning!" My dad said as he kissed my mother on the cheek. "Sleep well?" He asked, giving me a look that let me know he was aware I had overslept.
I smiled sheepishly at him and mumbled, "Yeah."
My mom scolded, "Matthew! You've slept through breakfast again!"
"Sorry, Mom," I responded as I walked to the table, where my sister was sitting.
"Where's Ryan?" I asked my sister, who didn't answer me right away.
Instead, she looked at my mom and said, "It's not a good day." She glanced over her shoulder and added, "You were in the bathroom when he left."
My dad spoke up, "Yeah, well, what can I say? He was upset about his grades from last semester. Said it was too hard to be home schooled and study for his tests. Poor kid."
I felt a knot form in my stomach, and I knew exactly how Ryan must've been feeling when he left the house this morning. His face had grown paler as I watched him pack his bag last night. He wasn't able to sleep well due to the anxiety of knowing what tomorrow would bring for him. I couldn't understand why my parents thought homeschooling was such a good idea in the first place; it had been hard enough trying to find friends while going through high school here, let alone dealing with college and trying to make new ones! But it seemed that they knew what was best for their family better than anyone else, so I didn't say anything.
My mother spoke up again after a few moments of silence, "I think you should go over there this morning. Maybe he needs someone to talk to." She looked at me with tears welling in her eyes before turning back towards my father. He nodded and said, "Yeah, I agree. You're right. Go on ahead, Matt."
The day dragged on as I tried to make sense of everything that was happening around me. It wasn't fair for Ryan or anyone else who had been affected by this decision; it would be better if they could stay where they are instead. But my parents didn't seem to care much about what I thought, so I just went along with their plan and made sure Ryan got home safe that night after work.
As the weeks went on, I started to think more and more about how things used to be before this all happened. It had been hard enough trying to adjust to high school in a new place, but now college was added into the mix as well! And while I did my best to help Ryan out whenever possible, it wasn't nearly enough for him to make it through each day without breaking down or getting upset at something small like an assignment due tomorrow.
I couldn't understand why they wouldn't listen when I tried telling them how much this was affecting me too; after all, we were family! But then again, maybe my parents knew better than anyone else what was best for us. They'd been through so many things in life already and had come out stronger on the other side each time. So, if they said homeschooling was the only option left available to us as a family, then who were we to argue? It would be better if we could stay where we are instead!
But my parents didn't seem to care much about what I thought either way; so, eventually, it became clear that there wasn't anything else for me to do but just go along with their plan. So, every morning when I woke up and saw them going down the stairs, I knew that another day would be coming soon where I'd have to help Ryan get through school and all of his assignments while trying not to fall behind myself!
And as time went on and more weeks passed by, it became harder for me to see how anything could ever go back to what it was before now. So instead of giving up completely, I just kept going along with their plan each day until eventually, I felt like this was all there would ever be left behind us-a life where everything changed too fast and without warning, leaving behind no time or space for anyone who might need help getting through things on their own!
But then again, maybe my parents knew better than anyone else what was best for us after all? They'd been through so much already, hadn't they? So if they said homeschooling was the only option left available to us as a family, then who were we to argue? It would be better if we could stay where we are instead! But my parents didn't seem to care much about what I thought either way; so eventually it became clear that there wasn't anything else for me to do but just go along with their plan.
And every morning when I woke up and saw them going downstairs, another day would come soon where I'd have to help Ryan get through school and all of his assignments while trying not to fall behind myself! And as time went on and more weeks passed by, it became harder for me to see how anything could ever go back to what it was before now. So instead of giving up completely, I just kept going along with their plan each day until eventually, I felt like this is all there would ever be left behind us-a life where everything changed too fast and without warning, leaving behind no time or space for anyone who might need help getting through things on their own! But then again maybe my parents knew better than anyone else what was best for us after all? They'd been through so much already, hadn't they? So if they said homeschooling was the only option left available to us as a family, then who were we to argue? It would be better if we could stay where we are instead!