 The cycle was getting old; my mother's face contorted in rage as she flipped through the papers, her voice became shrill when she spoke of the newest corruption or whatever shit they did this time. I would tune her out and leave the house, to go smoke behind our old garage. It had been a few days since we had last argued, but she seemed to be in good spirits today, perhaps due to a lack of political news. But what was this? Was this really happening?
 
 `` How 'bout them Cowboys?'' I yelled from the kitchen. My mother whipped her head around and came running into the room like a bat outta hell. 
  
 `` Who said that!'' She snarled at me, `` You can't watch it, you-'' 
 
 `` Oh hush mom, relax.'' I waved my hand in her face as she approached me. `` Look at the damn news and see what they're talkin' about today, there ain't nuthin' that matters but the Cowboys!''
 
 She grumbled something about it being just a game, then turned on the news. There was a man in front of a crowd holding a megaphone. I could hear him talking from where we stood. It seemed he was giving a speech about the game, so I walked over to our small television set. The man spoke into his microphone as my mother leaned on the couch next to me.
 
 `` Folks, I can tell ya now that the Cowboys are gonna be losin' this game. They ain't got a chance against the Bills.'' He raised his arms and pointed at the camera with his megaphone, `` But we ain't here to talk 'bout football today, folks. We're here to talk 'bout what really matters, the state of this country!''
 
 I turned around in time to see my mother's eyes widen as she clutched at her chest. She fell back onto the couch and let out a loud shriek that sent me running towards her. My mom was choking on something, but I couldn't figure out what it was. She had her hands pressed against her mouth, her face turning purple with each passing moment.
 
 `` Mom!'' I screamed as I ran towards her and pulled at her shirt. `` What the hell is going on?!'' But she couldn't hear me over whatever was caught in her throat. The man on TV continued to talk about something that I had no interest in, but I could still hear him loud and clear from my position next to the couch.
 
 `` We ain't got time for this shit here! We're talkin' 'bout how our country's been taken over by a bunch of communists. They've been stealin' our jobs, takin' away our rights and freedoms. '' He waved his arm around the crowd as he continued talking. `` Well not today, folks. Today we take back what's ours!'' The man pulled out a gun from somewhere on his person and held it up to the sky.
 
 A shot rang through the air as my mother fell back against the couch, blood pouring from her chest. I jumped onto the couch and started screaming for help, but the crowd had turned their attention towards the television. The man in front of them pointed his gun at the screen and pulled the trigger several times before turning it on himself.
 
 My mom's body was still on the couch as I tried to pull myself together. She wasn't moving anymore, her eyes were glassy with no pupils left to show that she was even alive. A crowd of people had gathered outside our house and they started chanting about how we should be thankful for what happened today; that it was time to fight back against the communists and take back our country.
 
 `` Mom! Mom!' I yelled as tears streamed down my face, but she didn't move or make any sound. The crowd outside grew louder with each passing second, but I couldn't hear them over what was going on inside of me. I felt like screaming at the top of my lungs for someone to help us, but all that came out were sobs that made no sense and seemed to be coming from another person entirely.
 
 I had never been more afraid in my life than I was at that moment when the police finally arrived on scene; they took one look at the body laying on our living room couch before pulling back their guns and opening fire upon everyone in sight. My mom lay there lifeless as she stared up at the ceiling while bullets tore through her corpse.
 
 I couldn't believe what had happened today, it was like something from a nightmare or some sort of apocalyptic vision where everything goes wrong all at once; but this wasn't a dream and my mother's death wasn't some sort of hallucination either; she really did die on that couch in front of me. The crowd outside had disappeared by the time I made it outside, leaving only their screams echoing through the street as they ran away from what happened today.
 
 What was left behind were dead bodies everywhere you looked and broken glass covering every surface imaginable; but none of these things mattered to me anymore because all I could think about was how my mom had died in front of me, how she lay there lifeless on that couch while bullets tore through her corpse. I couldn't stop screaming as tears streamed down my face; no one cared anyway so I just kept going until someone finally came along and pulled me away from the scene of carnage before taking me somewhere safe where I could think about what had happened today without having anything else happen at all.