 coast of Troy in flames and the wind carried it's sweet scent to the king's palace, the smell of victory was in the air.
 
 “They will pay.” Apollo whispered into my ear. “My brother will soon be avenged.”
 
 I shuddered at his words; I knew all too well the lengths he would go to for revenge. The Trojan gods had been slain or banished and there were only a handful of us left, but we were no match against the Greek Gods with their army of mortals behind them. My sister Hera was imprisoned in her throne room. My mother Hestia, the goddess of the hearth was banished from Mount Olympus by Apollo and Artemis for reasons I didn’t fully understand. Zeus had been taken down, bound up and hung upside down on a tree to be tortured by the Titans until his last breath. The Greeks were already celebrating their victory when my brothers Ares, Hephaestus and Hermes, Poseidon and Dionysus along with me, Athena came to Olympia to meet up.
 
 “We need a plan.” I said.
 
 “We have no power here,” said Hera. She was not a warrior goddess; she had never been one for battles but her softness was her greatest strength and I admired that in her, even if it would get her killed sooner rather than later. “How can we possibly win against an army of mortals who have the Gods behind them?”
 
 “We can’t,” said Ares, the god of war. “Not now. Not with our powers gone.”
 
 “They will soon find out how wrong they were to defy us.” Poseidon whispered as he looked out over the battlefield below, his eyes blazing with an anger I had never seen before. I knew he meant what he said too. He was a warrior god and he was proud of it; it wasn’t pride for me because I loved to fight but in his case it seemed to be almost a sickness that drove him into battle, like he could not live without war.
 
 “We can only hope the gods on our side will join us soon.” said Artemis. She was the goddess of the hunt and a hunter she was good at. She killed with ease, her bow and arrow were like an extension of herself, the way they moved as if in one fluid motion as she took down her prey. I had always admired her for that, but I would never want to be in her position, killing all those mortals in cold blood was a little too far even for me. “But I don’t think it will be soon enough.”
 
 “We could try and sneak into the city.” said Hera. “Our powers are gone but we still have some magic left within us.”
 
 We looked at her as if she was crazy. Our powers were gone, there was nothing that could help us now. It felt like a curse had been placed upon our very existence by the gods of Olympus themselves and it didn’t matter what I did or how hard I tried, I couldn’t break through this barrier that surrounded me. My powers were gone but my will remained strong even when every part of me wanted to give up on life itself.
 
 “There is no point.” Ares said, his voice sounding tired and defeated. We all knew he was right; there would be no escape from here now without help from the gods above us. “We have lost our powers. Our weapons are gone too. They took everything from us.”
 
 “Not quite everything.” I said as an idea came to my mind. My sister Hera looked at me, a hopeful glimmer in her eyes. The other gods watched me with anticipation and I could see Poseidon nodding his head in approval while Ares rolled his eyes. He never liked me interfering with his plans.
 
 “What are you thinking?” asked Hera.
 
 “It’s time for a change of tactics.” I said, my voice full of hope as I looked over at Poseidon. His eyes were alight and it was clear he shared my sentiments. The others stared at us with disbelief in their eyes but Hera nodded her head in agreement.
 
 “I am listening,” she said to me and I could tell by the way her voice trembled that she was scared of what would happen next. But we had no choice but to try something different; if we didn’t then our chances were slim at best. And who knows maybe this new plan might work out after all? “I am listening…”
 
 “We have to go back into battle.” said Poseidon, his voice full of conviction. I had never seen him so passionate before but there was something in his eyes that made me believe he truly meant it when he spoke those words. “It’s time for us to stand up again and show them who we are!”
 
 The others all looked at each other and then nodded their heads in agreement with what had been said. I knew this was going to be risky but if there was any chance of defeating the Greeks then it would have to be done by taking on their army head on, no matter how many of us died in this battle because we were never meant for a life like this one where our powerless bodies were being used as pawns against each other.
 
 “Let’s do it.” I said, my voice strong and determined even though inside I was scared beyond words that this would be our last stand. But there was something deep down within me that told me we had no choice but to fight back if we were ever going to win this war against the Greeks.
 
 “Let’s do it then.” Poseidon said, his voice full of hope and determination as he looked out over the battlefield below. I could see him thinking about all those mortals who had died in this war, his anger burning brightly within him at how they were treated like nothing more than pawns against each other. But I also saw something else behind those eyes that made me think maybe there was some hope for us after all; a flicker of light shining through the darkness surrounding us and giving us strength to keep fighting on even when it seemed hopeless.
 
 “I’m with you.” Ares said, his voice full of conviction as he looked at Poseidon. I could tell by the way he was standing that he truly believed in what had just been said and wasn’t just saying it because he thought it would impress me or Hera. He had always been a fighter; this battle was no different for him than any other one he had fought before. It didn’t matter to him if we won or lost, all that did was make sure there were fewer people alive when the smoke cleared and the dust settled around us again.
 
 “Let’s go then.” Artemis said, her voice strong as she looked at me and Hera with determination in her eyes. She had never been one for fighting but this time she seemed ready to do whatever it took if that meant helping us win against these Greeks who were so hell-bent on destroying everything they touched including us gods themselves.
 
 “I’m going too.” said Hestia, my mother’s voice full of hope as she looked at me and then Poseidon with a determined look in her eyes that showed how much she wanted this war against the Greeks to end once and for all. I knew it would be hard for her but she had always been brave even when things got tough so maybe if anyone could manage what was going to happen next, it would be my mother Hestia who had always been there for me no matter what happened around us.
 
 “Let’s go.” said Hermes, his voice full of conviction as he looked over at Poseidon with a determined look in his eyes. I knew how much this meant to him because ever since the day Zeus was taken down by the Greeks he had been fighting non-stop just to make sure we won against them once and for all. But now that our powers were gone it seemed like we had no choice but to stand up against these Greeks even if we had to do it without any help from above us at all.
 
 “We’re ready.” I said, my voice full of hope as I looked around at them and saw the determination in their eyes. We would never win this war unless we took on the enemy head-on because otherwise there was no way for us to stand up against them without being destroyed by their weapons or magic spells which seemed like nothing more than a game to those who were on our side. But if they knew that then maybe they could help us find something else; something stronger than what we had before when our powers were still with us because now all that remained was hope and determination in every one of them which would be enough to get through anything even when it seemed impossible at first glance.
 
 “Let’s go.” said Hera, her voice full of determination as she looked over at me and Poseidon with a determined look in her eyes. She had never been one for fighting but now that our powers were gone it seemed like we didn’t have any choice but to stand up against these Greeks even if they wanted nothing more than to destroy us completely. But maybe this time could be different because maybe there would still be something left