x t, leaving your mind a blank. The most powerful thing on the island is not a monster or a machine or an unnatural element, but the act of erasing memories—and that’s exactly what the loggers do to all who encounter them.

I can’t remember how many times I have been ripped from my life and sent back into this nightmare—it could be three times, or maybe 10. As far as I am concerned, this is all real. The pain, the fear, the helplessness—I feel it, so I know it’s not a dream.

The first time I was brought here, I had no idea who I was or where I was from. Now I remember my name, but that’s about it. I don’t know if anyone else on this island has the same memories as me, but I would bet money that none of them can tell you their real names either—not even the loggers.

The last time they took me away from my life, I was running through the woods in a panic, trying to hide from something or someone. I had no idea what was chasing me or why it wanted to kill me. All I knew is that if I didn’t get away soon, I would be dead—and not just physically, but mentally as well.

I was running so fast and hard that my muscles ached and my lungs burned with each breath. The adrenaline coursing through my body gave me an extra burst of energy that helped me run even faster than before. After what felt like hours of running, I stopped to catch my breath in a small clearing surrounded by trees on all sides.

I sat down on the ground and leaned against a tree trunk, trying to catch my breath before continuing on with my journey. It was then that I saw something coming toward me through the woods—something dark and menacing-looking.

“What’s your name?” it asked in an eerie voice as it came closer to where I sat on the ground.

I had no idea what to say or even if answering would be safe, so I just stared at the creature in silence while it continued to approach me until we were only a few feet apart. Then it said: “You’re not from here, are you?”

This time I did speak up—but only because I couldn’t help myself: “No,” I replied quickly before realizing what had just happened; there was no way this creature knew anything about me or my life back home! It must have read my thoughts somehow…and now it wanted to know more.

The creature took another step forward until we were eye-to-eye with each other—and then it reached out its hand toward mine as if asking for a shake of some sort. I knew better than that though; this wasn’t just any ordinary creature after all…it was one of the loggers!

“You’re not from here, are you?” The creature asked again as it stared into my eyes with an unnerving intensity that made me want to look away but couldn’t because he had already grabbed my hand tightly in his own grip and wouldn’t let go until I answered him truthfully this time around…

“No!” I screamed at the top of my lungs before pushing him off of me with all my might as he released his death grip on my arm; I didn’t care how much pain it would cause me in return for saving myself from certain death if only by running away! I just knew that this creature wanted something from me—something that wasn’t right or good for anyone else besides themselves.

I ran as fast as I could through the woods until there was no way left for them to follow me; then I stopped and stood still in place while catching my breath again before continuing on with my journey once more…but not without looking back at least one last time before moving forward into uncharted territory where no one had ever gone before…not even those who knew what they were doing out here in this part of the woods!

The first thing you need to understand about the loggers is that they are not people. They’re robots, and they don’t have any emotions. They follow orders, and their sole purpose is to kill anything that gets in their way. The second thing you need to know is that the loggers can’t be killed—not by bullets or bombs or even fire. But if you get close enough, you can destroy them with your bare hands.

The loggers are very fast and agile; it takes a lot of effort just to keep up with one of them as they run through the woods after their prey (which happens to be us). If we were running in straight lines at full speed for ten minutes straight, then we’d be able to catch up with them easily enough—but since we’re not trying to run away from something dangerous like this guy here is doing now…

I can’t help but wonder what it’s like inside his head when he thinks about all those people who were murdered by loggers before him? Did they ever stop thinking about their lives? Did they know that they were going down? Or did they just accept their fate as something inevitable and unavoidable?

It must be terrifying being in the woods alone with no one else around to protect you from these monsters who are hunting down innocent people just because they feel like it! And yet there’s nothing anyone can do about it except hope that someone else will come along soon enough so that they won’t have to face this danger alone anymore.

Maybe if we could get rid of all those loggers, then maybe things would be better? Maybe we wouldn’t be afraid anymore because there would be no one left trying to kill us all for fun or profit or whatever else it is that motivates these evil creatures in their minds! But how could we possibly destroy something so powerful when even just touching them causes severe pain and injury (not just physical ones)?

There’s got to be some way around this problem though—otherwise, everyone will die one day if nobody does anything about it first! So far though no one has managed to figure out how exactly we should go about doing this kind of thing without getting ourselves killed in the process which means that all hope seems lost…

It’s not just the loggers that are a threat—it’s also the monsters, the machines, and other unnatural creatures. They can be found anywhere on the island, including inside your home. You never know when they’re going to strike, so you always have to keep an eye out for them.

You need to make sure that your home is secure and that there are no weaknesses in its defenses. This means getting rid of any loose wires or pipes, reinforcing doors with steel plates, and installing security cameras around the perimeter of your house.

Once you’ve done all this, it’s time to start looking for other people who can help protect you from these dangers. The best way to do this is by joining a community or group of like-minded individuals who share similar values and goals as yourself.

If there aren’t any groups near where you live right now but still want to join one, consider joining an online forum instead! There are plenty out there where people talk about topics related to survivalism, prepping, and self-defense—and many times these forums have sections specifically dedicated to finding people who live close by so that everyone can meet up in person once a week or so if need be.