 had just happened. The man had died three times in the last three hours: first by getting shot through the chest and having his heart blown out; second, by being hit in the head with a shovel; and third, by having my fist go right through his face.

The bloody pile of meat was still twitching slightly, even though it had no heartbeat, so I figured it was still technically alive. But that wasn’t the worst part about this whole situation. The worst part was what would happen to this guy after I left. He was a human sacrifice for my master. A few hours ago he had been an unlucky man who wandered into an ancient cult and ended up having his heart ripped out by a demonic entity with an unhealthy fondness of human flesh. Now, as the leader of this group, it was my job to present him to The One Who Waits in the Dark, our lord and master.

That was going to be extremely awkward for me, especially since I had just torn his face off, but that’s what happens when you work with a boss like mine. I had always wondered if there was anything more to this man than being an obsessed cult leader who loves the taste of human flesh. Now I would find out.

I left my apartment in the back room and headed downstairs into the main chamber where our sacrifices were kept. This was a large, stone-walled room with a thick layer of dirt on the floor. The windows were boarded up and all light came from two lanterns at either end of the room. In one corner of the room, I saw another pile of bloody meat that had once been my cousin. He had been the first sacrifice to the cult, but he had been a horrible failure since he wasn’t nearly as dead as he was supposed to be.

This place gave off an ominous feeling, even though it was just a room in a house in rural Pennsylvania with no other purpose than being used by a group of lunatics who worshipped an ancient god that didn’t exist and ate people. I headed towards the door, which was at the far end of the room where there was another lantern to provide light. As I reached for it, something else caught my eye: a small pile of rocks on top of a table against one wall.

As I approached it, I saw that they were actually skulls stacked up in an orderly fashion with no sign of blood or flesh on them at all. This was odd because most cult leaders don’t bother to preserve their sacrifices; they just leave them out for anyone who comes across them to find and eat if they want. I picked up one of the skulls, which felt surprisingly light considering its size. I looked closer and saw that it wasn’t made out of bone or any other material that would normally be found in a human skull. Instead, this was something like plaster or wax with small holes drilled into it so that when you put your finger inside them there were tiny indentations all over the surface where they had been pressed against its smooth exterior.

I tried looking for some sort of writing on the side but couldn’t find anything except for an odd symbol carved into one side: a circle with three lines coming out from it in different directions (like an X). This made me wonder what this was supposed to represent or if it even meant anything at all, so I put it back down and continued towards my destination.

The door was old and heavy and had no handle on it, but when I pulled on the top of its frame it opened up easily enough for me to walk through without any trouble. On the other side was a long hallway with wooden walls covered in cobwebs that led into another room much smaller than this one. As I stepped inside, there were two people waiting for me: my master and his wife (or mistress).

She was standing next to him with her arms crossed as she watched me come closer until we were within speaking distance of each other; then he turned around to face me directly while she took a step back so she could stand behind him like some sort of bodyguard. I didn’t know what to say or how to react because it had been months since I had last seen either of them, but they seemed happy enough when I approached them and said hello in the most respectful way possible: “Good evening, my lord.”

He nodded once before responding, “Yes, Joseph Walker. It is good to see you again after so long.” He smiled widely at me while she just stared down at the floor with no expression whatsoever; then he turned towards his wife and said, “We have some news for our dear son.” She looked up at him then back down again without saying anything or reacting in any way.

I was confused by this exchange but decided not to ask why she had no reaction because I didn’t want them getting mad at me if they thought I was being disrespectful by questioning their actions, so I just waited silently until my master spoke up again: “Joseph Walker, there is something we wish to show you.”

I had no idea what he meant by that, but it sounded like an invitation for me to follow him somewhere else in this house where they wanted me to see something important; then he turned around and headed back out of the room towards another door across from us. She stayed behind as if she was waiting for permission before following after him without saying anything at all. I had no idea what was going on, but it seemed like my master didn’t want his wife talking in front of me because he must have thought that would make things awkward somehow; then again maybe he just wanted her to remain silent so there wouldn’t be any distractions while he spoke with me alone.

Either way I followed them out of the room and into another long hallway with wooden walls covered in cobwebs until we reached a door on its right side that led into what looked like some sort of office or study with bookshelves full of dusty old books lining its walls from floor to ceiling. My master went over towards one shelf where he pulled out an ancient-looking scroll wrapped tightly around itself with nothing but writing written in black ink all over it: “The Book Of Names.”

He looked up at me and asked, “What does this say?” I read the first few words aloud for him: “In the beginning God created heaven and earth. And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters.”

He smiled widely at me then looked back down at the scroll before saying, “This is a very special book because it contains our lord’s name. But you must promise not to read any more of it.” I nodded my head quickly as if agreeing with him; then he turned towards his wife who had been standing silently next to him this entire time without ever saying anything at all until now when he asked her, “What do you think?”

She looked up at him then down again before responding: “It is good that you have finally found something worth reading.” Her tone was cold and uninterested; then she walked past us towards the door we had just come through without saying anything else. My master turned back to look at me with a smile on his face as if he knew how happy I would be when I heard what they wanted me to do next, but all I could think about was whether or not this really meant something good for me since it seemed like my master had finally found something that interested him after months of nothing happening in our little cult.

He must have sensed my hesitation because he said, “Joseph Walker! Are you going to let me down?” I shook my head quickly while saying no, then turned around to follow him back into the hallway where we had just come from until we reached a door on its right side that led into another room much smaller than this one. As soon as we entered it there was nothing but darkness; then he reached out and touched something that seemed to be some sort of switch because all of a sudden the lights turned on, revealing an ancient-looking tomb with dusty old bones piled up inside.