bh, if you read this blog often enough then you'd know that about me.

``I don't think so,'' he replies in a thick French accent. I've been on the hunt for French men for years, but he's the only one that I've actually met and gotten to talk to (for longer than a minute or two). In this case, it was mostly because he's one of my favorite fictional characters come to life. ``Do you have any money?'' I ask him, not sure what to do with the situation I'm in. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a few coins that probably equal about $20 USD.

``What kind of game is it?'' he asks me.

``A card game.''

I can tell he's never played it before, but he puts on a good show for his audience. ``You go first,'' I say as the camera man sets up and I sit down on the couch next to him. It's then that I realize how much of an idiot I am. The entire time he'd been sitting there, he was actually filming me.

``Why are you filming?'' I ask.

``I like your energy,'' he says in a tone that makes me feel like I should be doing something more with my life. ``This is what I do.'' I get it. This is how people become famous these days. But still, why me? What about me is interesting enough for him to film?

``I'm just a girl who likes games,'' I say as he starts up the recording and we get on with the game. I know what you're thinking, but before you make any assumptions let me just tell you that yes, this happened exactly how I've described it. A complete stranger walks into my life and becomes an instant obsession. It's not like I don't have a lot going on in my life already, or that I need another distraction to take up all of my time, but as soon as he walks into the room, he has me hooked.

He's got this way about him that draws people in; you can tell by his mannerisms and demeanor that there's something special underneath all the glamour and glitz. I don't know if it was because he had on a suit or because of his accent, but when he walks into the room it feels like everything stops for a moment. He stands there with his hands in his pockets, smiling at me from across the table as if we were old friends who hadn't seen each other for years. It took me a minute to realize what was happening before I got up and started walking towards him.

The whole thing is surreal and it takes me back to when I first saw him on TV. It was only after he left that I realized just how much of an impact this man has had on my life in such little time. He's made me feel like a better person for knowing him, which is more than most people can say about meeting new people these days.

He walks out the door without even saying goodbye and leaves me standing there wondering what happened. Was it just an illusion or did something actually happen between us? Either way, I'm left with one thought: if only every encounter could be like this.