 is your friend, and I got mine here in a couple of different colors, different tones.

`` But don't worry about the tone, because what really matters is that it covers well. Now, if you do have a little bit of sun damage that you want to hide, then it would probably be best for you to go with something with a little bit more yellow in it. Now, as you can see, there are different levels of coverage here and the higher level of coverage has a lot more pigment in it.

And that's going to help cover up any discoloration on your skin. So if you have any freckles, or even sun spots or anything like that, then you want something with a little bit more yellow to it. The green, of course, is great for hiding redness and even rosacea. Now, let me just give you a few tips here.

`` You've got the different levels of coverage right now and this is where I come in. What I like to do is take my brush or sponge and I kind of mix it all together so that there are no visible streaks on your skin. Now, this is especially important if you have something like rosacea and you need a lot more coverage. You want to make sure that you blend it out really well so that it doesn't look like a mask.

Now, as I said before, it covers up any discoloration on the skin but it also evens out your complexion, and if you have any redness around your nose or cheeks then this is perfect for you. So let me just give you a few tips here. First thing's first: start with a clean face.

I always like to wash my face before I put on makeup because that way it helps to remove any oils from the skin and also dirt and impurities from your pores. Now, this is especially important if you're going to be wearing foundation all day long. You want to make sure that it stays in place so there are no smudges or streaks on your face.

Now, as I said before, we have three different levels of coverage here. The high level has a lot more pigment than the others which is perfect if you have any dark spots on your skin. If you don't need this level of coverage then go with something that has less pigment because it will still cover up any redness or discoloration but won't be as thick.

Now, the key here is to use a brush or sponge to blend everything together so there are no visible streaks on your face. And I always like to start with my T-zone first and then go all over the rest of my face because it helps to even out any discoloration that I might have.

Now, the last thing I want you to do is set your makeup with a setting powder or spray so it stays in place all day long. Now, let's take a look at how this foundation can help hide some of those pesky blemishes on the skin! `` This foundation has a lot more pigment than my other ones which means that it covers up any redness and discoloration really well!

It also evens out my complexion so that there aren't any dark spots or patches of skin showing through. Now, I like to use this one when I have some minor blemishes on my face because it helps to cover them up really well without looking too cakey.

Now, the key here is to blend everything together with a brush or sponge so that there are no visible streaks on your skin and it'll last all day long! So if you want something that will give you more coverage than just concealer then this foundation might be perfect for you! Thanks for watching guys! And don't forget to like subscribe share comment down below if you enjoyed this video.

Thanks again, see you next time! ``