, shut down these two engines. You can use the other three to fly back here, ” I said. The young man nodded his head and set about doing it. 
 
 I waited for the sound of those engines shutting down before continuing my conversation with Violet. 
 
 “ Yes, you ’ re right. This Dark Flag is not just a weapon in the war against the Devils. It ’ s a weapon against everything we believe in. But if you ’ re going to stop me from using it, you ’ ll have to kill me first. ” Violet ’ s eyes had turned back to normal again now that she was no longer crying. The last of her tears disappeared and she glared at me. 
 
 I stepped closer to her. “ You know what I am? ” 
 
 She didn ’ t answer. 
 
 “ I am the God of Death, Violet! There is only one thing that can kill me. ” 
 
 “ What is it? Tell me! ” she shouted. 
 
 “ A mirror. ” I said calmly. 
 
 Violet looked at me in shock for a few seconds before breaking down into tears again. “ You ’ re crazy! That ’ s impossible! ” 
 
 “ It ’ s true. Only a mirror can kill me. The first time it happened was with my own brother. When I was born, he didn ’ t want to see me. So he looked in the mirror and then died of shock. But his death also gave birth to an even stronger Death God. ” 
 
 “ What do you mean? ” Violet asked as she wiped her tears away. 
 
 “ When my brother was killed by his own reflection, I was reborn out of that mirror. Just like when a phoenix is reborn from its ashes. Now my powers are much stronger than before and I will no longer be defeated by mere weapons or magic spells. ” 
 
 Violet stared at me with wide eyes for several minutes before breaking into tears again. “ You ’ re mad! That ’ s impossible! ” she shouted through her sobs. 
 
 “ No, it ’ s not impossible. It ’ s the truth. The only thing that can kill me now is a mirror. But if you want to defeat me, then I suggest you find another way because this one doesn ’ t work. ” 
 
 “ What do you mean? ” she asked as she wiped her tears away again. 
 
 “ I mean that even if you were able to kill me with a mirror, there are still three other Death Gods who would come after you and your family! There are no more weapons or spells powerful enough to destroy us all. The only way for you to be safe is to join forces with me. ” 
 
 Violet glared at me with rage in her eyes but said nothing else before turning around and walking away from me again. 
 
 I watched as she left the room with a sigh of relief on my face. “ That ’ s better than talking about mirrors all day, right? ” I whispered under my breath.