 build and an intelligent face. His eyes were bright and showed wisdom and understanding, he smiled when he saw me as if to tell me "you're in good hands", which made him look more like a doctor than a spy.

His name was Jack. He introduced himself after he finished his inspection of my house.
 
 We talked for about three hours and I had the pleasure of listening to him telling me stories of his travels around the world, meeting people of all shapes and colors and how he had helped many in need, not only Americans but also Chinese, North-Koreans, Iranians, Syrians, Palestinians, Russians, Ukrainians, Japanese, Mexicans etc... 
 
 I thought to myself what a lucky man I was that this stranger from America should come and visit me in my small town here in South Africa. The most interesting part of our meeting was when he told me about a little girl called "Lisa" who lived in my neighborhood and how she had been taken by the CIA at the age of 10 to become a spy like himself but they never taught her anything, only kept her for many years so that they could use her as a decoy.

She was abducted when she went to the supermarket to buy candy with her friends and the men came in their car and took them all away, one after another until there were only four of us left: Lisa's sister Sarah; my friend Toby (who I had known since he was six months old), his twin brother Timmy, and me.
 
 We were so scared because we didn't know what would happen to us but luckily for us Jack came along and saved us from these monsters by telling them that if they wanted to keep their jobs at CIA headquarters they had better leave us alone or else!
 
 He told them that he was with the FBI (Federal Bureau of Investigation) and that it would be better for them if they left immediately because otherwise he'd report them. They were so scared they ran away without even thinking about Lisa, who had been taken from her family when she was just ten years old!
 
 I asked Jack what happened to her after he saved us all and he told me that she didn't make it out alive but he would not tell me any more details about what happened to her. I was sad for a moment until Jack said: "She died in the same way as Jesus Christ did; by crucifixion on a cross".
 
 He then continued his story about how Lisa had been tortured and used as a decoy by CIA agents, but no one knew this because she never told anybody. I was shocked when he told me that they killed her by breaking her legs, arms, ribs, back and neck, which is why her body looked like a broken doll after they were done with it!
 
 They also cut off her head so that no one could recognize her anymore. I felt sick to my stomach when Jack told me this because it sounded really evil.
 
 I was about to ask him how he knew all these things but then he said "I can't tell you anything else or else they might kill me". And just like that, he disappeared! He didn't say goodbye or anything like that... It felt strange when he left because it seemed like he never came in the first place.
 
 But I know now why they call him "Jack", because his name is Jack Ryan and he's a CIA agent who saved my life with his story about Lisa! He is truly an amazing man to do what he does for others; I wish there were more like him around this world...

Journal entry 10-6-2016 

 
I was visited by an American today. He told me he was with the CIA. I thought spies never told anybody who they were spying for.

 
He was a short man, impressive muscular build and an intelligent face. His eyes were bright and showed wisdom and understanding, he smiled when he saw me as if to tell me "you're in good hands", which made him look more like a doctor than a spy.

 
His name was Jack. He introduced himself after he finished his inspection of my house.