20 years ago, there was no such thing as a secret cell. We lived above ground and under ground. We were one species of animal, one species of life, one species that breathed and ate and slept and loved and cried.

So what happened to us? We started thinking we're separate. Different. Better than the rest of them. So we created a better world for ourselves and shoved everyone else out. The people left outside our borders, they called themselves "refugees." It wasn't long before the word was replaced with something worse, more threatening.

Now, today, if you try to tell me that we don't still separate ourselves from those other than us, I'll laugh in your face. There are over a billion people in America alone. 360 million of them call themselves white. And I won't even get into the other countries where it's a similar story. The United Kingdom. Germany. Japan. Brazil.

We like to think we're the only ones who still do this. We don't. It's just that we've never been challenged in our ways and beliefs before. Now, we are being challenged, because there is someone else here. And they have the technology to take us all out, every last one of us.

So why aren't they? Because it turns out that when you're not afraid anymore, you stop fearing everything and start asking questions. Questions like, "Why do we keep building weapons?" or "Why are we at war with ourselves?" And if you keep asking those questions, you might find yourself standing in the same room as me right now.

I was born into a family of scientists and engineers and innovators. I had to grow up faster than most because I had to watch my father die when I was only 12. So I went from a child to a man overnight. And I never wanted to stop learning or inventing. If I didn't, if I stopped thinking about what could be, then who would?

So I built machines that helped me build better machines. And they helped me create the things that made it so my little brother and sister could stay safe while I was away on missions. I was lucky to have a family, even though we all worked so much. We didn't get to see each other very often.

It wasn't long before I found out how the rest of the world lived. And that there were people who didn't want me to invent things. Or think things. It was just another form of discrimination, so I pushed harder. In fact, if you asked me whether or not I had a life back then, I'd say no. I mean, look at it: a family that never got together; a job that kept me from seeing them.

I know what you're thinking. "How did you have time to build all this?" But you see, I was the only one with access to these machines. That's why I created so many of them in such little time. But it didn't matter how much they took away from me; I kept on inventing because that was my life. And then came the day when everything changed for good.

I had just finished installing a new engine on one of our drones when we got word about a missile launch in another country. We were already in the air, so all I had to do was tell them which target we should be going after. The only thing that stopped me from giving them orders right away? My little brother and sister had just woken up from naps; they wanted to play with me.

So instead of telling my boss where to take the drone, I told him to land in a clearing near their house. And as soon as we set down, I called them outside to see what was going on. It didn't matter if it was too early or too late; they needed to know how amazing this new technology was.

I showed them all the drones that were flying around us and explained how they worked. My sister was so impressed with everything that she wanted a job where she got to work with machines like these every day of her life, but my little brother? Well, he just wanted to have fun playing with his toys instead of worrying about what other people might do to them later on.

As soon as I saw the smile on his face, I knew that we had done something good together today; something special. So when we landed again back at our home base, I called my boss and told him everything that had happened so far. And guess what? He actually let me go on another mission!

And it's not like this was some big thing where everyone was happy about it. It wasn't even a "good" mission. But it did give me the chance to prove myself worthy of leading our team into battle again because I had finally started thinking more clearly after seeing how important my family was to me.

I mean, what do you want me to do? Say no and miss out on everything that made this world worth living in? Not a chance! And once you get out there and start doing stuff like this, it becomes so hard for anyone else around you to stop working on anything else at all because there are so many opportunities waiting for people who never had them before.

It's funny how we humans always seem to find ways of making things better even when we have no idea what good means anymore or if we even know why we should even try anymore in the first place! I mean, look at how far we've come already; from being just animals living on our own separate islands hundreds of years ago to now having entire countries that all work together and share their knowledge with each other every day!

I still don't get why anyone would want me dead after seeing everything that happened today. But maybe they are just scared of the future and what might happen next? Maybe they think that if I can build these amazing machines, then I can also destroy them too. Which is true; but who cares about things like that when you have so much fun making new stuff with your friends every single day instead?

I'm sure my boss was worried about how dangerous this could get for me later on down the line, but I couldn't stop myself from doing what I loved doing most: inventing. So after we landed back at our home base again, he gave me permission to keep working on whatever else I wanted next as long as it wasn't too dangerous or expensive either!

And even though everything went pretty smoothly today, I still knew that there would probably be more missions coming up soon so I had better get used to the idea of being away from my family again. But at least now they knew exactly where I was and what kind of work I do every single day without having any questions asked about it at all!

So when we took off for our next mission, everyone was already ready for anything that could come up next because nothing can stop us now since we know exactly how much fun this life really is. And if anyone tries to stop me from doing what I love most then they should probably get out of my way instead because there are too many other people out there who need help with their own inventions too!

Because if you keep asking questions like "Why do we keep building weapons?" or "Why are we at war with ourselves?", then maybe one day you'll realize what I did: that there is someone else here, and they have the technology to take us all out. But only if we stop separating ourselves from each other first!

So who cares about anything else when we can keep having fun making new stuff together instead?! That's why I created these machines in the first place: so everyone would be able to do something exciting every single day no matter where they came from or what language they spoke or how rich or poor their parents were. Because nothing is more important than being happy and doing what makes you feel good inside every single moment that comes after it!

And if anyone out there thinks that I'm some kind of crazy person for building these kinds of things then I would just like to say this: thank you because now I know how special my life really is. And even though no one else understands why yet, maybe someday soon someone will finally get it too!

Because we are all born as equals and we will only be able to live together as such once again when we stop separating ourselves from each other based on race or gender or religion or anything else that doesn't matter anymore anyway. So don't worry about being different; just be yourself and show the world what you can really do instead!