 to go to Mars, and now she was considering a permanent return to Earth. 
 She wasn't going alone, of course, but her fiancé, Mark, had been working on an autonomous robot for his PhD at UCLA, and he didn't want to leave it behind. As far as Ania was concerned, she could go without him. Her work on the Red Planet kept her plenty busy, even though the space colony there only housed about 50 people and many of them were over 70 years old. It took more than a year just to get there and back, and Ania had been too absorbed in her job as an environmental engineer for most of that time. She missed Mark terribly, but she couldn't give up the opportunity to spend two more years on Mars, especially since he was so far advanced with his research. 
 So when Mark asked if she wanted to leave at the end of their current visit and stay on Earth permanently, she paused for a moment before responding `` Yes.'' 
 Ania sighed as she closed the window. She didn't need to tell him that her answer had nothing to do with Mars. It was all about how he couldn't be around every day anymore. She missed his presence and knew that they were getting more serious about their relationship, even if neither of them wanted to admit it. The truth was Ania wasn't ready for him to move in or become a full-time partner just yet -- and Mark understood that -- but she also didn't want to give up on him completely. 
 `` Are you sure?'' he asked again, as if reading her mind. 
 She smiled at him from the other side of the screen before answering: `` Yes, I am.'' 
 The next morning Ania woke up early and started packing for their return trip back to Earth. The whole day was spent traveling home, first on a shuttle across Mars and then a long journey through space back to Earth. It took about five months in all. When they finally landed in California, Ania couldn't wait to see Mark again. 
 They hadn't been apart for very long -- just six months since their last trip together -- but it felt like a lifetime ago. After getting off the shuttle, Ania walked over to where Mark was waiting for her at the spaceport. He looked different than she remembered; taller, more confident and handsome than ever before. 
 `` I can't believe you did this,'' he said as he hugged her tightly. `` It took me a few months to find someone to help with my project.'' 
 She smiled at him but didn't say anything in return. Instead she pulled away and looked around the spaceport for any sign of her old friend from high school, Steve, who was supposed to be picking them up. But there was no sign of him. 
 `` Where is he?'' asked Ania.
`` He said he had a business meeting,'' replied Mark. 
 They waited another ten minutes or so before giving up and hailing a cab instead. As they drove home, Ania kept trying to think of something funny to say, but nothing came to mind. It was as if she had lost her ability to make jokes -- which wasn't surprising considering how serious her relationship with Mark had become during their time apart. When they finally arrived at his house, he helped her take off her space suit and showed her around the new addition he had added onto the back of the house. 
 `` So this is your new lab?'' asked Ania as she walked into the room where he was working on his robot. 
`` Yeah,'' replied Mark. `` It took me about three months to build it.'' 
 She looked at him in shock. It had taken her almost a year to set up the environmental labs that she used on Mars, and here was Mark talking about building something even more advanced than hers -- in just three months! He must have been working non-stop since he left for Mars last fall, she thought to herself. 
 `` How did you do it?'' asked Ania. 
 She couldn't believe that anyone would be willing to spend so much time and energy on one project. It was incredible -- especially considering how hard it had been for her to get started in space engineering in the first place. Mark just shrugged and said, `` I don't know. I guess I've always been good with my hands.'' 
 Ania smiled at him again but didn't say anything else. After spending two years on Mars without any physical contact whatsoever, it felt strange to have someone touching her -- especially when that person was Mark! But she tried not to let herself feel embarrassed by his actions; instead she focused on the fact that they were together again after such a long time apart. 
 `` Come on,'' he said as he took her hand and led her toward a bedroom down the hall. `` Let me show you something.'' 
 As soon as Ania walked into the room, her breath caught in her throat. The bed had been turned sideways so that it faced out toward the window. There was no sheet on it, just a few pillows and some blankets laid across the top of the mattress. She could see stars twinkling outside, but it wasn't bright enough to be morning yet. 
 `` This is your room now,'' said Mark as he pulled her closer toward him. He pressed his lips against hers softly before kissing her again, this time harder than before. As their tongues danced around in each others mouths, Ania felt something strange -- almost like a tingle running up and down her spine -- but she didn't know what it was or where it came from. 
 After several moments had passed without either of them saying anything, Mark finally pulled away from her. `` What's wrong?'' he asked as he looked at her with concern in his eyes. `` Did I do something wrong? Did I hurt you somehow?'' 
 She shook her head no and tried to smile at him, but it wasn't working very well -- especially because she was still trying to figure out what that strange feeling was that she felt earlier. `` Nothing,'' she said, finally managing to make a sound that could almost be considered a word. 
 Then he kissed her again. This time it seemed like his lips were pressed harder against hers than before, but this time there wasn't anything unusual about the way his mouth moved -- only that he seemed to be trying very hard not to show how excited he was by kissing her. `` I love you,'' said Mark as his hands ran down her back until they reached her hips. She didn't know what to say so she just smiled back at him and kissed him again. 
 It felt like they had been kissing for hours when finally Ania pulled away from him and looked over at the window. The sun was starting to rise in the east, which meant that morning must have arrived sometime during their passionate embrace. `` Let's go get some breakfast,'' she said as she started putting her clothes back on. 
 Mark nodded his head and helped her into a shirt before they walked out of the bedroom and into the kitchen, where he had already prepared eggs and toast for them to eat while watching the sun come up over the horizon.
`` So what do you think?'' asked Ania as she sat down across from him at the table.
``About what?'' replied Mark as he poured orange juice into two glasses. ``I thought breakfast was nice.'' 
 She smiled at him and nodded. It had been a while since she'd had any sort of relationship with another person, but there hadn't been time for them to develop feelings toward one another during their stay on Mars -- mainly because they didn't want to complicate things by doing anything intimate there. But here, now that they were back home and alone together again, it seemed like the perfect opportunity to explore what kind of relationship they could have together in real life.
``Yeah,'' said Ania as she sipped her juice. ``I mean -- I know that we haven't known each other very long but--'' 
 Mark stopped eating his toast mid-bite and looked at her with a confused expression on his face. ``What are you talking about?'' he asked. 
 She tried to explain what she meant by asking him if they could be together, but it was hard because she didn't want him to think that she had ulterior motives behind her question. After all, he was already engaged to someone else and had been for almost two years now. He loved his fiancee, Lizzie, and would never do anything to hurt her or their relationship -- especially if it meant hurting her feelings by not telling her what was going on between him and Ania. 
``No,'' he replied firmly when she finally managed to get out the words ``I love you.'' 
 She smiled at him again before picking up her glass of juice and taking another sip from it. ``Well then, maybe we should go upstairs after breakfast and --'' 
 Mark interrupted her mid-sentence by standing up abruptly from his chair and walking over to where Ania was sitting at the table. He leaned down toward her face and kissed her passionately before pulling away again moments later. ``I don't know if I can handle being apart from you for another three months,'' he said as he sat back down in front of her.
``You mean we shouldn't--'' started Ania but stopped herself mid-sentence when Mark put his finger over her lips and looked at her