 across the floor.  The next few hours were going to be bliss.  A chance for me to relax in peace and quiet.
 
 As usual I had booked an entire day off as there was no way I’d want to work when I had a whole day of leisure time ahead of me.  
 
 After finishing my shower I pulled on my fluffy bathrobe and strolled through the house.  My body felt relaxed and at peace, ready for whatever I wanted to do with it.  I was in high spirits and ready for anything.  And anything could mean a lot of things.
 
 I grabbed my iPad from the living room coffee table and flicked through my list, looking for inspiration.  One of these days I’d get around to making a proper list of all my fantasies but that just seemed too much work right now.  Right now it was time to find an exciting new one and dive into the depths of pleasure.
 
 *Mmmm*  As I scrolled down the list my fingers brushed across a particularly tantalising fantasy.  “Lacey’s first day on the job” read the entry, causing me to pause.  This was an old one I had never fulfilled and it sounded like it would be fun so I picked up my iPad, found the video and made my way back to the bedroom.
 
 Once there I tossed the iPad onto the bed, pulled the covers back and climbed under them.  The first few minutes of the movie was just an introduction but I needed it as a buildup to what I had in mind so I relaxed and let myself sink into the storyline.
 
 *Wow*  Once the action kicked off I became enraptured, letting my imagination take me away to a place where I was Lacey.  As the young blonde assistant arrived at her new job, I could feel the nerves in the pit of my stomach.  This job had seemed too good to be true and I felt sure that they wouldn’t keep it once they realised how inexperienced I was but I had made a decision to go for it anyway.  After all, there were plenty of other jobs out there and I had decided that if I didn’t try now then I never would.
 
 The interviewer greeted me with a warm smile as she showed me around the office.  There were only four people working there and I could tell instantly that this was one of those “close-knit” places where everyone knew each other’s business.  This didn’t bother me too much though, my current job had been like that and I got on well with most of them.
 
 “You’ll be working directly under me so feel free to call me Lacey” the interviewer explained as we stopped in front of a desk with a laptop computer sitting on it.  This was going to be my desk, where I would do all my work from.  She gestured to the chair and I sat down, taking in the surroundings.
 
 The office was fairly large but there wasn’t much room between the desks.  My new boss, Lacey, had a small desk that faced mine so she could easily supervise what I was doing.  She sat in one of the chairs at her desk and leaned forward to face me.  “We don’t usually have assistants here” she explained as she rested her elbows on the desk and laced her fingers together.  “However we thought you might be able to help us out.”
 
 This sounded good to me so I nodded eagerly.  She smiled at me then stood up from her chair, making sure that I got a good view of her breasts as she did so.  As she stepped towards the computer I noticed that her skirt was pleated in such a way as to accentuate the shape of her ass and my eyes travelled along her legs until they reached her shoes.
 
 She was wearing a pair of black stiletto-heeled shoes with thin ankle straps and I felt my stomach flutter at the thought of them rubbing up against my clit as she knelt before me, straddling my face and letting me taste her sweet pussy juices.  The idea sent a bolt of excitement through my body that made my nipples harden.
 
 “What we need you to do is make sure that I’m not doing anything unprofessional” Lacey explained as she leaned over the desk.  My eyes were drawn to her breasts and I was lost in a world of fantasy where I had them cupped in my hands, my mouth sucking on one while the other slipped between my lips and teased at my tongue before being replaced with the first one.
 
 The thought made me shiver and I felt something stir deep within me that needed satisfaction.
 
 “If you notice anything then just tell me straight away” Lacey continued, bringing me out of my dream.  She picked up a stack of papers from her desk and handed them over to me.  “I want these delivered by the end of the week.”
 
 As I took the folder from her she smiled at me again then moved back to her chair, turning on the computer as she did so.  For now I was free to do what I wanted but I would need to be on my best behaviour if I wanted to keep this job.
 
 *She’s right* I thought, watching Lacey start working at the computer.  I didn’t want to risk her getting rid of me so I had better make sure that she never got the chance to fire me.
 
 After that thought I was overcome with excitement and I quickly pulled my robe off, leaving me lying naked on the bed as I imagined myself in Lacey’s place.
 
 The sight of her slender body in the tight black skirt and low-cut blouse made my mouth water and I closed my eyes to imagine what it would be like to have this body beneath mine.
 
 *Oooh* I thought, lying back on the bed as I imagined myself behind Lacey with my hands on her breasts.  She wouldn’t mind that I was touching her would she?
 
 *No* I replied to myself and pressed my hands against her back, feeling her flesh give under my fingers.  Then I moved them upwards until they were cupping the sides of her breasts, pushing them together so that her nipples poked through at me.
 
 As I ran my thumbs over her hardening nipples she turned and looked at me with a smile.
 
 “What do you think you’re doing?” She asked in a sultry voice as she raised an eyebrow, giving me a mischievous look that made me feel even hornier than before.
 
 “I thought I would see if you wanted any help with your work” I replied, keeping my eyes focused on her breasts.  The way she was dressed I could tell that there wasn’t much between us and I knew exactly what she was thinking at this point so I pushed myself forwards until I felt her hand on my shoulder.
 
 “I don’t need any help” she whispered, leaning forwards and bringing our mouths together in a passionate kiss.  Her tongue slid across my lips before parting them and slipping between my teeth as we exchanged saliva and tasted each other’s breath.
 
 The kiss continued until I felt her body press against mine and I knew that she wanted to be closer to me than just having our mouths together so I reached behind her back and unclasped the fastening on her blouse.  It fell open as she broke away from the kiss and I lifted it off, dropping it onto the floor beside the bed where we lay.
 
 Lacey moved across the bed towards me then stopped when her breasts touched my chest.  She smiled down at me as she placed both hands on either side of my head before leaning forwards and pressing her nipples against my lips.  My tongue shot out to lap at them but she pulled away, leaving me wanting more.
 
 “You can’t have these yet” she whispered as I licked at the air where they had been.  Then she moved back up the bed until she was standing over me with her hands still on either side of my head.
 
 *She wants me* I thought as I felt myself getting more and more aroused by the thought that this was happening to me.  She wanted me and all I had to do was let it happen, just like in the movie.
 
 The next thing I knew she had climbed onto the bed beside me, pushing her legs between mine so that they were pressed against my inner thighs and the insides of her knees rubbed at my clit.
 
 My hands automatically reached up to cup her ass but before I could touch them she grabbed them, pulling them down to either side of me as she sat on top of me.  Her body was hot against mine and I could feel her pussy against the lips of mine, making me wetter than ever before.
 
 “I’m going to fuck you” Lacey whispered in my ear as she bent over to kiss me.  Her tongue slipped between my teeth again and I kissed back eagerly, moaning softly into her mouth when she pushed me back onto the bed.
 
 *Yes* I thought as she moved down so that her body was pressed against mine but this time she was lying on top of me