 ideas together. 
 
 It's important that everyone be comfortable here, so let me just get one thing straight. Yes, this is my room, but it does not mean the world revolves around me! If you need to get up in the middle of class to use the bathroom or get something from your backpack or whatever, do it! You may even leave the door open if you'd like.
 
 In that spirit, I just want to ask you a question: are there any concerns we can address right now? 
 
 Alright then, let's get started! The first thing I'd like everyone to do is grab the books on your desks and place them in your bookbag. Now, open up your bookbags so that the zipper is facing you. Good.
 
 Now I want each of you to take out everything except for a notebook. And before anyone asks, yes, you can put your pencils and pens and whatever else back into your bookbag; they will be helpful later on. If any of you have already brought notebooks from home, please set them on top of the table in front of your desk, so we can use them later as well. 
 
 Now that you have a notebook, open it up to an even page and turn to a blank sheet of paper. I want all of you to take out two pencils, and with one of them write down your name at the top of the page. With your other pencil, I'd like each of you to draw the first shape that comes to mind.
 
 Alright now, you can close your notebooks. Let's all pass our books over to the table so we have room to move around. 
 
 Now I want everyone to get up and pick up a piece of paper from the pile on the table. Please grab as many papers as there are shapes in your drawing. If you only drew one shape, please just take one. 
 
 Let's all go back to our desks, where we can take out the notebooks we put there earlier. Now I want each of you to open your notebook and turn to a page with an even number.
 
 Take the sheets you collected from the table and fold them in half lengthwise. If you have multiple sheets of paper, I'd like you to fold all of them together at once. Try not to tear the sheets! Now unfold that piece of paper you just folded so that it is flat again.
 
 Place it on top of your notebook with the backside facing up. Carefully position this new page so that its edge lines up perfectly with the pages of your notebook. Once it's in place, I want all of you to take a pencil and trace around it. Please be sure to press hard when you do this.
 
 Now that we have our new pages, I want everyone to turn their bookbags right side up. Take out any pens or pencils you have and put them on your desk in front of your notebook. You may also set your pencil case or other supplies here as well.
 
 Next, take out the paperclips from your bookbag, but don't open them yet! Once everyone has their paperclips, please place one of them on top of each sheet in your notebook that you drew a shape on earlier. Don't worry about arranging it perfectly; just make sure the clip covers most of the drawing. 
 
 Now I want all of you to go back to the table and pick up the book I gave you at the beginning of class. This is an old textbook that will be useful for some activities we do later on. Open it up and find page one, then turn its cover so that its backside faces up. 
 
 Let's all go back to our desks. I want each of you to take out a pen or pencil from the supplies in front of your notebook, open it up, and use it to make two dots on the top left corner of your textbook page. Once everyone is done, please pass your book over to the table again. 
 
 Now I'd like for all of you to stand up and face me while we review some key vocabulary words: shape, line, and edge! Can anyone tell me what each of these terms means? Good job. If anyone has trouble with any of those words, please feel free to ask questions. 
 
 We're almost done for the day, but before you leave I want everyone to take out their pens from their bookbags. With one pen or pencil, draw an X in between your two dots. Now I'd like each of you to use the other pen or pencil you have to make another mark on the page next to your X. Try not to overlap with it! Once everyone is done, please pass your book over again so we can start tomorrow.
 
 Okay, that concludes class for today. Thank you all for coming; I hope you'll enjoy working together in this space as much as I do!