74 year old father who had only been with his mother for a year before she died in childbirth and a single mother who had no time for him, Remi grew up alone on the streets of Hastings. He lived by wits alone, picking pockets and selling stolen goods from the market.

When he was 12 he took part in a fight to settle an old score with his rival but one that he didn’t think he could win. In order for him to have a chance, he would need to learn the skills of unarmed combat, so he turned to the only person who could teach him – his father.

Remi never knew his father but when he did turn up he found out his name was Michael and that he had fought in the world wars as a soldier but also a wrestler, travelling around Europe and winning the championship of France at one point. He had been training since he was 5 years old to be a wrestler by a man named Pierre who was a world champion and had a school which taught Remi everything there was to know about fighting.

He spent every day in training from when he woke up until he went to bed, honing his skills, making himself into the best fighter he could possibly be. At 17 he entered his first fight on the national circuit and beat all of those he faced until he lost out to a man who was better than him. He kept going though, losing only to the best fighters in the country but never giving up.

At 24 years old he made it onto the world scene with some success but he realised that no matter how hard he worked or trained, there were people that were always better than him. This didn’t stop him from fighting and he continued to fight as often as he could while building his own career at home.

At 32 he was in a car accident which left him with a broken leg and wrist but after months of rehabilitation he recovered enough to make it back into the ring. He fought for another few years before retiring at 36, having only won one world title during his career. He didn’t let that stop him though as he kept up his training even when he was retired so when a man who had beaten him twice came calling with an offer to fight him again in order to settle their differences once and for all, he agreed without hesitation.

He won the match but at 56 years old this would be his last professional bout as he knew that no matter how hard he worked or trained there were always going to be people that were better than him. Instead of fighting he took up coaching with Pierre’s son who was the current world champion and had been since he beat Remi back when they first met years earlier.

He stayed in that position until he passed away at 74, having trained some of the best fighters in history including the man who would go on to become a multiple time world champion himself – Bruce Lee. His legacy will forever be remembered for being one of the greatest fighters to have ever lived despite not winning any world titles or becoming a household name like many other greats before him such as Muhammad Ali, Mike Tyson, and Chuck Norris.

Remi would go down in history as one of Britain’s most prolific boxers but also one with the least recognition which is ironic considering how much he inspired Bruce Lee who became one of Hollywood’s biggest stars due to his martial arts movies that were released during their time together. He may have never won any world titles or even become a household name like other great fighters before him such as Muhammad Ali, Mike Tyson, and Chuck Norris but it is important for people not to forget about Remi as he was an inspiration for many who came after him including one Bruce Lee.