 small victory for the villain who had bound him in such a manner. His head had been forced downward, by the chains that held the Iron Fist up, but he did not speak. 

“ No last words, hero? ” the villain asked once more. He wore an elaborate purple costume, with gold accents and matching gloves to cover his hands. The mask he wore was the same color as well, a menacing grin painted upon it, even if there was no one present to see it but himself. 

“ No last words? ” the villain repeated again, for a third time, “ You know what I’ve done with your friends? You know where you are? ” 

The Iron Fist did not answer, despite his tormentor’s prodding. He was silent as he had been for nearly a week now, ever since the villain had kidnapped him and all of the other super powered heroes from around the world in the first place. It was the villain’s belief that if they were separated long enough, the other heroes would not be able to find them or stop his plan from being enacted. So far he had been right, for no one knew where the heroes had been taken or even how many of them there were at all. 

“ Why won’t you speak? ” The villain asked once more, “ You have nothing else to lose now do you? I’ve already got what I need from you… ” he trailed off with a sinister chuckle, “ and you can’t hurt me with your pathetic little powers anyway. ”
 
 He reached out with his hand, holding the small remote he had used to activate the chains that held the Iron Fist in place. A small click sounded as he pressed the button, releasing the hero. He let him drop several feet to the floor below him, where he was suspended by his feet over a pit filled with sharp spikes and deadly traps. 

The Iron Fist didn’t move. He hung there, looking out over the rest of the villain’s base, where the other heroes were kept captive. There were no signs of life from any of them as he scanned the room. The Iron Fist was certain that at least one of his friends would be dead by now. He had seen how vicious this man could be with his own eyes… 

“ I’m going to leave you here for a while, hero. ” The villain announced to no one in particular, “ It will take me some time to put my plans into motion. When I’m finished I’ll come back and finish you off personally! Until then though… well let’s just say that the last words you speak here better be good ones or else… ”

He chuckled once more as he walked away from where he had left the Iron Fist dangling above the pit. The sound of his footsteps faded into silence before long, leaving nothing but darkness for the hero to stare out into. He hung there for what felt like hours until at last something stirred in the darkness below him. 

“ Hey! ” a familiar voice called out from below him, “ You up there? I think you dropped this… ”

The Iron Fist looked down and saw a small black object falling towards him, seemingly floating in midair. He watched it fall until finally it hit the ground with a soft thud before rolling to a stop right where he was looking at it from above. 

“ Looks like my old friend has come back for me! ” The Iron Fist said to no one but himself. “ I’ve been wondering when you were going to show up… ”

He reached down and grabbed the device, holding it in his hands as he looked at it closely. It was a small black rectangular object that fit snugly inside his palm, with only one button on its front face. A small red light glowed steadily from within, showing the Iron Fist what was most important about this device. 

“ Well I guess now is as good a time as any then… ” He said to himself before pressing down on that single button. An immediate response came in the form of a low frequency buzzing sound. It was not loud enough to be heard over the rumble of thunder that began to shake the room around him, but it was enough for his eyes to become fixed upon the object in his hands again. 

“ Oh yes… ” He whispered to himself as he watched the red light begin to grow brighter and more intense with every passing second before finally erupting into a dazzling display of brightly colored flames that filled up most of the space around him. The Iron Fist did not move, for there was no need to. He let out a small chuckle as he watched these colors begin to form into a familiar shape, one he had seen many times before. 

“ It’s true then… ” The hero whispered once more. “ I’ve finally been summoned by the spirit of my master. ”

With that thought in mind, he took the device and held it out towards himself, letting go of it as soon as his hands were free from its grasp. He watched as the flames began to die down, eventually fading into nothing more than a small red glow once again. The Iron Fist felt an intense chill run through him at this point before he looked back up and saw what had been standing directly in front of him all along… 

“ I see that you’ve finally decided to show yourself then… ” He said as the man who called himself “ Master” appeared before him. The Iron Fist was not surprised by his appearance, for he had seen it many times before. This man was an older gentleman with grey hair and a long flowing white beard. He wore a black cloak that seemed to disappear into darkness, but for the brightly colored flames that glowed from within its folds. 

“ You’ve been waiting for me for quite some time now… ” The Iron Fist said as he looked down at his feet where there stood several other heroes. They were bound and gagged, unable to move or speak. They watched as the Iron Fist took in the sight of Master’s appearance before him. 

“ It is indeed good that you have finally come back for me… ” Master said to the hero. He then turned his attention away from him to look at some other heroes who stood nearby. “ I’ve been waiting a long time for this day… but it seems that not everyone has been able to make it here today. ”

“ No one? ” The Iron Fist asked in disbelief, “ How could this be? You must have known where they were taken! ”

Master did not reply at first, instead he turned his attention back towards the heroes who stood before him. “ I know that many of you are wondering why it is that I have come for you today… but you should know by now that there is no use in asking questions. You must simply follow my orders and do as you are told. ”

“ Or else what? ” The Iron Fist asked. Master’s eyes turned back towards him, “ Or else you will die! ” He said with a cold glare before turning back to the heroes once more. “ Now then… there is something that I must show you all before we leave this place. ”

“ What could possibly be worth showing us? ” One of them asked as they began to move towards him in a way that seemed rather familiar to the Iron Fist. It was not long until he saw what it was that Master wanted to show them. There in the middle of the room stood a small table with several items on top of it. One of them was an ornate mask that looked very much like one worn by Master himself, while another appeared to be a book which glowed brightly and seemed to hold great power within its pages. 

“ This is something that I’ve been working on for many years now… ” Master said as he turned towards them once more. “ It was not until recently that I finally found someone who could help me perfect it. You all are lucky indeed, for without your assistance this project would have never come to fruition. ”

“ What are we looking at then? ” One of the heroes asked, “ And why does it look like you? ”

Master looked at him with a smile before replying, “ That mask is my true form. I am not an ordinary man but something else entirely… something that cannot be seen by most people. ”

“ You mean to say that this is what we would look like if we were to wear it? ” Another asked in disbelief, “ There’s no way I could ever become like you! ”

Master only laughed at this before turning towards the Iron Fist and saying, “ It takes great power to become one with The Spirit of Flame… but for those who possess such strength it is a very simple process. As long as you follow my orders and do not question my methods then your transformation will be complete before long. ”

“ What about us? ” One of the heroes asked, “ Will we all become like you or just some of us? ”

Master’s eyes turned back towards him once more, “ You are the only ones who will become like me… and there is no going back from that point onwards. ” He then walked over to where they stood and held out his hands towards them as if expecting something from each one of them in turn. It was not long before their eyes began to glow with