... Read allFind my soul mate for 15 Minutes eh? I sat before the strange looking radio, skeptical that I would get what I paid for. There was no way such a thing could possibly exist... but then Joan said she found me.

## More Like This

The Legend of Hell House (1973)
Horror

A team of paranormal investigators enter the notoriously haunted Hill House to catch proof that survival after death exists.

Directors: John Hough, James T. Mangold, and 2 more credits »
Stars: Roddy McDowall, Pamela Franklin, Clive Revill
The Devil Rides Out (1968)
Horror

A man tries to prevent a Satanic cult from sacrificing his friend's daughter.

Directors: Terence Fisher, Val Guest
Stars: Christopher Lee, Charles Gray, Leon Greene
Witchfinder General (1968)
Drama | Horror | War

In 17th century England, Oliver Cromwell attempts to wipe out witches and witchcraft exists. Matthew Hopkins is tasked with leading the government's persecution of witches in East Anglia.

Director: Michael Reeves
Stars: Vincent Price, Ian Ogilvy, Rupert Davies
The Dunwich Horror (1970)
Horror | Mystery | Sci-Fi

A young professor and his students conduct an experiment to raise the devil in Louisiana. The demon they conjure up is not what they expected, nor will it be what anyone expects.

Director: Daniel Haller
Stars: Dean Stockwell, Sandra Dee, Ed Begley
Horror | Sci-Fi | Thriller

An alien seed from a dying planet finds its way to Earth and attaches itself to a small boy's body. The child must find a way to get the seed back home.

Director: Robert Wise
Stars: Roddy McDowall, Don Marshall, Leigh Taylor-Young
Horror | Thriller | Western

A young woman comes to the aide of a stranger being persecuted by three men in a saloon, who turn out to be part of a gang lead by a sadistic, vicious gang leader.

Director: Robert Aldrich
Stars: Vincent Price, John Ireland, Jan Sterling
House on Haunted Hill (1959)
Horror | Mystery

A millionaire offers $10,000 to five people who agree to be locked in a large, spooky, rented house overnight with him and his wife.

Director: William Castle
Stars: Vincent Price, Carol Ohmart, Richard Long
Night of the Eagle (1962)
Drama | Fantasy | Horror

A magician in London makes a deal with an ancient spirit to gain the power to defy death. But when he cheats on his wife with a young model, she invokes darker powers that may prove more dangerous than he can control.

Director: Sidney Hayers
Stars: Peter Wyngarde, Margaret Johnston, Janet Munro
The Creeping Flesh (1973)
Horror | Sci-Fi

A surgeon and his wife accidentally unleash a creature that turns men into apes.

Director: Freddie Francis
Stars: Christopher Lee, Peter Cushing, Lorna Heilbron
The Haunting (1963)
Horror

A scientist doing research on the paranormal invites two women to a haunted mansion. One of them is skeptical about paranormal occurrences, but the other has an open mind. Which woman will be the first to lose their sanity?

Director: Robert Wise
Stars: Julie Harris, Claire Bloom, Richard Johnson
The Manitou (1978)
Horror | Sci-Fi | Thriller

A young woman who has an Indian tattoo suddenly realizes that it is a sacred Native American symbol and that something very supernatural and malevolent has come into her life.

Director: William Girdler
Stars: Tony Curtis, Susan Strasberg, Michael Ansara
The Legend of Hell House (1973)
Horror

A team of paranormal investigators enter the notoriously haunted Hill House to catch proof that survival after death exists.

Directors: John Hough, James T. Mangold, and 2 more credits »
Stars: Roddy McDowall, Pamela Franklin, Clive Revill