 into a room where my computer is kept. My wife was in there using her laptop. She looked up as I entered, and smiled at me.

“What’s up?” she asked. “Are you going to check your email? Or maybe play some of those games on your computer? Did something new come into your e-mail today?”

I replied, “Not today.” And I sat down in front of my computer, and began to work on the post for this blog. It was the first day that the weather had become warm enough where I could open a window or two at home, so there was a pleasant breeze flowing through the house as I wrote.

I had already decided that I wanted this to be one of my “life experiences” posts. But what should I write about? For the last several months I have been doing a lot of work in the area of technology and computers. So it made sense to focus on something related to that subject. As I looked back over the things I had worked on recently, I remembered a project I completed a few weeks ago for my church’s website.

I had built an interactive timeline, using a software program called Timeline JS. The timeline was put up on the church’s Facebook page, and also embedded in the website. The purpose of this timeline was to help celebrate the 60th Anniversary of the church, which will occur later this year. But I wanted the information presented in a way that would be interesting and appealing to people who might see it.

When you look at the finished product, you see a series of horizontal rows containing photos and text. You can scroll through each row, or you can click on an arrow to move forward or backward one row at a time. Each row presents some information about an important event in the history of our church. The photos used are from various sources, including photo albums that have been compiled over the years by church members.

The timeline is displayed as it appears on the church’s website. Clicking on this link will take you to the full version on my blog site, if your computer system allows it. Otherwise, a scaled down version will be displayed in your browser window. You can also scroll through it using the left and right arrow keys on your keyboard.

The software used is called Timeline JS. It was created by Knight Lab at Northwestern University. I found out about this project from a friend of mine who has been working with another organization that has used their services in creating timelines for online use. The software can be downloaded and installed on your own computer, but the best way to get started is to create an account with Timeline JS and then work within their website interface.

You start by entering some basic information about what kind of timeline you want to build: title, description (optional), language, date range (if known). You also need to specify whether you would like people who visit the timeline to be able to add comments or not. The default is no commenting. But you can change this setting later on if you decide that would be a good idea after all.

After that, it’s just a matter of uploading your images and adding text for each row in the timeline. You can also add links to other web pages or documents related to what is presented in each row. The software will then automatically create a preview version of your work-in-progress so you can see how it looks as you go along. When everything is ready, you can either download the finished product and upload it elsewhere (such as to your church’s website), or publish it directly from Timeline JS by clicking on an icon at the top right of their web page interface.

The best part about this project was seeing how people responded when I showed them what we had done. They were very interested, and some even started making suggestions for additional items that could be added later on. And when a church member saw a photo he recognized from years ago, he immediately asked if he could get a copy of it!

I will continue to work on this timeline project as time permits, adding more information about the history of our church over these past 60 years. I hope you enjoy seeing what we have created so far, and I encourage you to take some time to scroll through each row of the timeline. You might learn something new!