 he thought he knew everything about football and would tell anyone who would listen. Or Samantha from admin, who was probably the worst person on the planet and would stab you in the back before giving you a hug. 
 
 So when I noticed that they were both staring at me from across the room I decided to take some action and just be a little bit mean. I took my phone out and started filming myself, slowly removing items of clothing and moving towards the door. By now James had started laughing, I was sure it was directed at me but Samantha didn't seem to care that he was.
 
 I looked around for something else to put on, anything to stop them from staring, when my eyes settled on a black dress hanging in the window. It seemed like it could be quite flattering if I wore it. I knew there would be an issue with the skirt being way too short but I didn't care at that point and just shoved it under my top, unzipped my pants and started to pull them down.
 
 ``What the hell are you doing?'', I heard a voice say behind me. It was James, he must have been in his office all this time and now was finally taking notice of what was going on. ``Honestly, you're so fucking disgusting.'' I pulled my pants off and then turned to face him and the camera that I had put back down. He looked at me for a moment before smiling again, ``What are you filming? Why don't you come over here and let me see what you got?''
 
 ``Oh yeah', I thought. Now he knew. I started walking towards his office, still filming myself on the way. When I finally reached him I could feel my face getting redder than it already was so when he asked again if I had anything to show him and not replying at all I just pushed my phone into his face.
 
 He started looking through the footage as quickly as possible, trying to find what he was looking for. I could tell by the way that he looked at me with such a smug expression on his face that he knew exactly what he wanted and why. But when he got to the part where I pulled my pants down and started walking around in my bra and panties there was no reaction from him. ``What is this? Why are you filming this? You can't do anything with it.'', he said as he tried to take it off me.
 
 But when Samantha walked into the office she stopped in her tracks at what she saw on screen before walking up to me and putting both hands on my shoulders, ``What are you doing?''
``It looks like I have some competition for your attention', I said as I tried to push her away from me. But when she started rubbing herself against my back and kissing the side of my face all that was left to do was stand there and let it happen.
 
 When we finally got down to it, both James and Samantha were still in their office so there was no way of getting away from them. The only option available would be for them to get naked too. So I started undoing my bra while they continued to stare at me, not really caring what happened next as long as they could see it happen right in front of them.
``Why don't you join us?'', Samantha said, looking right into my eyes with a devious smile on her face. ``I mean we know what you like so why don't you give it a try and let us watch? We won't be disappointed.''
 
 I just looked at them in silence for a few moments before pulling down their pants as well, revealing that they had both put something on underneath them: A black lingerie set which made me even more angry. ``What the hell do you think you are doing? This is my last day here and if this is what I have to do then fine', I said as I started pulling their clothes off again, getting ready for round two with the camera still rolling.
 
 When everything was finally back in place Samantha took out her phone from under her shirt and started taking pictures of me while I continued to film myself on my own. After about five minutes of this James and Samantha had both decided that they didn't want me anymore, so they just left the office without even saying goodbye or anything else for that matter.
 
 After all was said and done I took out the camera from behind my back where it had been since before everything started happening; only now did it finally stop rolling. I could feel myself shaking with anger as I stared at what had just happened in front of me, not knowing what to do next or how things would turn out after this.
``What the hell was that all about? Why did you do that?', she asked as she walked into my office after following me out into the hallway. ``Why did you even come here if you didn't want anything to happen?'' I just looked at her, not knowing what to say in response.
 
``What was it like when they started touching you?'', she asked, looking at me with a devious smile on her face as if she already knew the answer and wanted to hear it from my mouth instead of mine. ``Did it feel good or did it make you uncomfortable?'' I just shrugged my shoulders in response, not knowing how to even begin answering these questions properly.
``How long have you known Samantha? She must be really close to her for them both to agree on this together', she said before taking a seat at the desk across from me, looking right into my eyes as if she was trying to read what was in my mind at that exact moment. ``What are they going to do when they see this? It's all over now isn't it?''
 
 I just nodded my head slowly before starting to speak again; ``Yeah, everything is going to be fine now.'', I said as I looked down at the desk in front of me, feeling more uncomfortable than I ever had in my life. But when she got up from her seat and started walking towards me with a smile on her face I knew that what was about to happen wasn't going to end well for anyone involved.
 
 ``What are you doing?'', I asked as she came closer and closer to where I stood at the desk. ``Are you trying to scare me? Or do you just want this all over with already?'' She put her hands on my shoulders before pushing them down against the desk, leaning forward so that her face was only inches away from mine. ``Why don't we try something else then? Just you and I.''
 
 I looked at her in silence for a moment before saying anything again; ``What are you talking about?'', I asked as she started unbuttoning my shirt with one hand while the other reached down to pull off my bra. ``What do you mean what am I talking about? I mean why don't we have some fun together and see how much of a man you really are.''
``No!', I said, trying to get away from her as she continued undressing me with both hands while at the same time leaning forward so that our lips met for the first time since this whole thing began. ``Why don't we just take it easy and go back to what we were doing before?'' She looked right into my eyes before slowly removing all of her clothes until she was standing there completely naked in front of me, only wearing a smile on her face.
``What do you think I want?'', she asked as if reading my thoughts from somewhere inside my head before leaning forward again for another kiss that sent shivers down my spine at how good it felt when we finally connected once more; lips meeting tongue until everything around us just faded away into oblivion leaving only two people left in this world: Me and her.
``We can do whatever you want if you promise not to tell anyone about what happened here.''
 
 I looked at her for a moment before replying; ``Why would I do that? Why should I keep anything from you when we're going to have so much fun together?'' She smiled again before pulling me closer until our bodies were pressed up against each other, lips meeting once more as if everything had been leading up to this moment all along. ``You can take it easy then; just go back and finish what you started earlier.''
 
 I nodded my head slowly while starting to undress her again with both hands, pulling off every piece of clothing that she had on until there was nothing left but skin covering the beautiful body underneath all those clothes that had been covering everything before. ``Is this what you wanted? For us to finally be together?'' I asked as we were lying down next to each other in bed after making love for what seemed like hours now without stopping at all; our bodies glistening with sweat from how hard it had been trying not to cum too soon but still managing to last longer than ever before.
 
``It's been a long time since I've felt this good.'', she said while running her fingers through my hair before pulling me closer once more so that our lips met again; tongues sliding across one another in search for each other until we were finally able to find the perfect spot where everything came together perfectly as if it had been made for us alone.
``What do you mean by all of this? Why would anyone want something like this with someone else?'', I asked while trying my best not to lose myself completely in her arms but failing miserably at doing so; all I could