12 o ’ clock position until it filled my entire view. My mind went blank for a few seconds while I contemplated my predicament; the fact that I was going to die soon and, most importantly, why?

I was a simple man of humble beginnings. The youngest son of a poor farmer, I grew up working with my father’s herds on our family farm in the beautiful Italian countryside. As a young man, I worked hard, saving as much money as possible to start my own business and pay off my father ’ s debts. I dreamed of buying land of my own to raise a family and live out my days with my wife by my side.

Then, one fateful day when I was twenty-nine, my life took an unexpected turn. My father called me into his office late that night – he had never done such a thing in all the years we had worked together. He told me that there were men in black suits and sunglasses who wanted to talk to me about something very important. I didn ’ t know what it was about, but they seemed like respectable businessmen so I agreed. They took me away in a car and put me on a plane to Washington.

I spent the next few years working for them at their top-secret facility in New Mexico – The Sandia Base. It was here that I learned the truth: These men were not what they seemed, nor what anyone had told me. They were aliens. And they had plans for Earth that would change everything forever.

I didn ’ t understand it all at first – how could these beings from another planet come to our world and expect us to trust them? But eventually I came to see things their way: humanity was no longer the only intelligent life form in existence, nor would we remain so if we continued on our current path. We needed allies if we wanted to survive long enough for science to catch up with our dreams of colonizing other worlds – and these aliens were offering us just that opportunity.

At first, it was easy – all I had to do was keep my mouth shut while they ran tests on me and conducted experiments using their advanced technology. But then came the day when everything changed forever…

It started out like any other day at Sandia Base: I got up early as usual, made myself some breakfast and headed down into the underground facility for work. As soon as I stepped through the doors of Building 4201 – where all human contact was strictly forbidden – my heart sank – the room was empty except for two figures standing near one another in silence. My heartbeat quickened and my skin began to tingle with fear, but before I could even think about what was happening or how best to react…

They had found me out!