 away from the shed and dug up a small coin at the edge of the woods near their house. She picked it up and examined it closely before taking it home to clean. It had a picture of a man with a beard on one side, and some writing she couldn't read on the other. The next day Lilly took her new discovery into school to show her teacher.

"You found this?" said Mrs Wilson as she peered at the coin. "It's a Roman denarius!"

"What's that mean?" asked Lilly.

"I suppose you must have discovered it on one of your many adventures in the woods."

Lilly nodded shyly and hid behind her mother who stood next to her, looking down at the coin. Mrs Wilson was a kind teacher but not very good at teaching maths or science, so Lilly wasn't surprised when she didn't know what a denarius was.

"It's an old Roman coin." said Mrs Wilson. "They were used between 212 BC and AD 305!"

"How do you know that?" asked Lilly. "We don't have anything to look it up on in here."

"Oh dear," said Mrs Wilson, "I should have brought my phone!" She picked up the coin and looked at it closely again before putting it back in her handbag.

Lilly looked around her classroom for something to take away with her and decided that her favourite book would do the trick.

When she got home her mum asked what she had done today but Lilly told her not yet because she wanted a surprise. She carefully cleaned the coin before taking it out into the garden where there were lots of big rocks, perfect for burying things in. She dug a small hole and buried the denarius on its side so that the image of the man with the beard was facing upwards. Lilly put her book back into her school bag and went inside to watch TV with her mum.

The next day at school Mrs Wilson looked even more excited than usual when she saw Lilly coming through the door.

"I'm glad you decided to tell me what happened yesterday!" said Mrs Wilson as Lilly handed over her book. "It was such an adventure!"

"What do you mean?" asked Lilly.

"Well, I think that you must have found this denarius in the woods because it is just like one from ancient Rome! I'm going to keep it safe so we can learn all about it." She put it back into her handbag before heading off to show her students what she had found.

Lilly watched as Mrs Wilson talked excitedly to her students but couldn't make out what she was saying because of the noise in the room. After class Lilly asked if they could go to the woods after school so that she could show them where she had found it and also look for any other coins or treasures left behind by ancient Romans!

"Of course!" said Mrs Wilson happily, "I'm sure we'll find something else there too."

Lilly was disappointed when they got home because their parents couldn't come with them. Lilly asked if she could stay out later than usual but her mum said that wasn't allowed so they just had to wait for an hour until dark before going back out again! They didn't find anything on the first trip because it was getting too dark by then, so Lilly and Mrs Wilson agreed to come back in the morning instead.

The next day when they arrived at school all of their friends were waiting for them outside. Some had already found coins but none as old as the denarius that Lilly had discovered! They walked over together to where Lilly's denarius had been buried and she showed everyone how she had found it. They dug it out of the ground again before putting it back into her handbag.

"I can't wait until we get home so I can show my mum!" said Mrs Wilson excitedly as they headed off towards their classrooms, each carrying a coin or two in one hand!

Mrs Wilson was the first to arrive at school that morning so she took all of the coins out of her bag and laid them on top of her desk before getting ready for class. When everyone else arrived later they were surprised by what she had brought with her!