rescent moon high in the sky and reached out to touch it.

I could feel its smooth surface under my finger tips, but it felt different than I expected. It wasn’t cold, like the moon should have been, but warm and soft like butterscotch candy. Then suddenly it was gone. I looked around me for my window, my bed, everything, but I couldn’t find any of it. The ground underneath my feet was squishy like tapioca pudding, and the sky was made of the same gooey stuff as the ground, only clearer.

I started to panic, not sure what had happened or where I was. I could see some other things in front of me, but they weren’t solid. They were like my body, transparent but still there. I screamed for help but the scream came out a high-pitched squeak. It sounded just like the sound you make when you get your finger stuck in the door, only louder and shriller.

The ground beneath me shook, and the sky above me wobbled as the other things moved towards me. They looked at me with blank stares and then turned away as if I didn’t exist. It was scary to be ignored like that. But it was even scarier when the sky suddenly changed from a clear blue to a dark orange. The ground stopped moving and shook, but it didn’t seem to bother the other things.

The ground started shaking violently, and the other things ran off in different directions. I didn’t know where to go because I had no idea where anything was, so I stayed put. I looked around me as best I could while trying not to fall over. Then it hit me. That dark orange sky was a sunset and the ground was the beach.

The beach! That’s what I was looking for. I ran towards it and fell in the sand just before I reached it. The sand was warm and felt good on my skin. I stood up, brushed off the sand, and took a deep breath of ocean air. It was salty and smelled like fish. I was home.

I turned back to see my window, but it wasn’t there anymore. The wall where the window had been was as blank as it was when I moved in here five years ago. A wave washed over me, reminding me that this isn’t real life and that everything will be gone tomorrow. I felt sad for a moment, then happy again because at least now I can sleep soundly tonight knowing that tomorrow there will be another day like today – one where I wake up in my bed with my window open, looking out onto the stars.

The End