d up to her car.

She was standing near her drivers side door talking on the phone. He could hear her but not what she was saying so he kept quiet until she ended her call.
“Did you get everything?” She asked as she climbed into the car.
He handed her the bag and got in the passenger side. The engine roared to life, the windows rolled down and they pulled away from the curb. Christopher smiled at her and looked around for a place where they could park. He had only seen one street with little parking but he knew of another nearby if need be.
“So where are we going?” He asked as she steered towards town.
She glanced over at him, “You’ll see.” She grinned.
Christopher shrugged his shoulders and turned to look out the window. It had been a long week and all he wanted to do was eat the food in front of him and go home but now that they were here, he figured why not have a little fun? The only reason she had asked him along was because her friends wouldn’t be available until later tonight, and he knew that meant there was some place she wanted to show off.
He looked back over at her as she turned down the street near the river.
“What did you get?” He asked as he reached for a fry.
She shrugged her shoulders and took the fries from him. “You’ll see.” She mumbled around the large fry in her mouth.
They pulled into an empty parking lot.
“So…” she said pulling on the handle of the door. “…you ready?”
Christopher nodded his head and hopped out of the car. As he came to a stop beside her he realized they were in front of the old abandoned building that was still being built. He looked down at her confused when she didn’t say anything else.
“Are you serious?” He asked as she walked towards the door.
She looked back over her shoulder, “Yup.” She grinned, “Ready?”
Christopher shook his head and followed after her. The front door was locked so he waited outside while she picked a window to climb through. As soon as she was in, Christopher shoved the burger into his mouth and jumped in right behind her.