ift in sight, no bouncy, beautiful blondes dressed to kill.

We drove through a neighborhood where the houses were modest; the only thing they shared was that they all stood at an angle, leaning toward the road as if to keep up with traffic. The yards had been plowed under by snowstorms. Some had grass that had frozen into an ice-laced carpet that crunched when you walked on it.

The streets were deserted. We drove for miles and miles, until we came across a dilapidated house with boarded-up windows; a rusty, beat up old car parked in the front yard. As we passed, I noticed the bumper sticker that read: “ Impeach Bush Now.”

My husband continued to drive until we came upon a man who appeared to be homeless. He stood by a fire ring on the side of the road and his dog sat beside him. The fire was small, as though it had recently gone out. My husband stopped and asked if he wanted anything from us, but he only smiled and said “No, thank you.”

We drove up to the crest of a hill, where we were met by another homeless man and his dog. They sat by their own fire ring on the other side of the road. There was no sign that this man had ever lived in one of the houses in the neighborhood, but he appeared happy and content with his life.

He smiled at us when we stopped to talk. We gave him some money, which he used to buy more wood for his fire. Then, as we drove down the hill, I noticed that there were two homeless women sitting by their own fire ring on the other side of the road; another man and his dog beside them.

We continued up to another hill, where we met a homeless woman with her dog standing by their own fire ring. She smiled at us as well, but this time when my husband got out of the car to talk to her, she said that she had nothing to give us. When he asked if they needed anything else from us, she shook her head “No.”

“I’m sorry,” he told her with a sad look on his face. “But what about food? Do you have enough money for food?” She replied that yes, she did have enough money for food; they had been eating well lately thanks to the kindness of strangers who stopped by their fire ring from time-to-time.

“We’re doing okay,” she said with a smile on her face and her dog wagging his tail at our feet as if he was saying “Good boy!” We drove down that hill, feeling better about ourselves than when we had gotten out of the car.

On another hill, there were two men standing by their fire ring; one wearing an old t-shirt with a picture of Donald Trump on it. They smiled at us as well when we stopped to talk. My husband said: “You guys look like you’ve got everything you need.” The man in the Trump shirt replied: “We do have some food left over from last night, but thanks anyway.”

The other man added with a smile on his face: “And we even have a dog now!” We drove down that hill feeling good about ourselves and our country.

As we passed through another neighborhood full of modest houses leaning toward the road as if to keep up with traffic, my husband asked me what I thought about all these people we met who were so happy, despite their living conditions; how they had food for themselves and even pets!

I told him that it was obvious that these homeless people were doing just fine because they didn’t need anything from us or anyone else. They were happy with their lives exactly as they were. In fact, many of them seemed happier than most Americans who live in large homes filled with expensive furniture and other material goods.

My husband agreed with me; he said that we should stop worrying about the homeless and just enjoy life ourselves! We drove back home feeling good about ourselves because we had done something positive for others today instead of simply complaining or criticizing them as so many Americans do every day when they see a man standing by his fire ring on the side of the road.

I wonder how much better our country would be if more of us did the same?