allage, located along a lake and to the west was the border with the Empire. He wore simple clothes and had an odd look about him as he moved through the crowd, looking around. He came to a stop at a table where a man was playing cards. Theo looked at the man and said, "If you win this game, I want you to take me to see the wizard."
 
 The other man said, "What's it to ya?"
 
 Theo replied, "I just want to find him."
 
 The other man shrugged. "I don't know where he is."
 
 Theo looked at the cards on the table and pointed out one card. "You have a king of diamonds." He reached into his pocket and pulled out two coins and placed them on the table.
 
 "What are you doing?" the man asked, confused.
 
 "I'm betting that you will win this game and that I get to go see the wizard. And if you don't want to go to the wizard, you can give me back my coins." Theo said. He put his cards down on the table and started to shuffle them.
 
 "How do you know that I will win this game?"
 
 "I have been reading your mind, so I knew what card you had," Theo told him.
 
 "If you're going to cheat me out of my winnings, then go ahead and play," the man said. He reached for his cards but Theo stopped him by placing a hand on top of them. "I didn't say you could do that." he said. He removed his hand from the table and picked up his own cards and started to shuffle them.
 
 "Why don't you just tell me who the wizard is?" Theo asked him.
 
 "That would be telling, now wouldn't it? I can't do that." he said. "I only know what people think, not what they know. If you want to find out about the wizard, then you are going to have to figure it out for yourself," the man said.
 
 Theo looked at his cards and said, "You have a king of hearts." He reached into his pocket again and pulled out another coin, placing it on the table as well.
 
 "What is this? You're not going to pay me back?"
 
 "If I win this game, then you have to tell me who the wizard is." Theo said. He put his cards down on the table and started to shuffle them again.
 
 "No," he told him. "I don't like cheaters."
 
 "Then give me back my coin," Theo told him. He picked up his own cards and placed them in front of him, shuffling them.
 
 "You can't do that! I already told you what card I have." the man said.
 
 "No, you didn't tell me what card I had," Theo said. He continued to shuffle his cards and started dealing them out to each player in turn.
 
 "What are you doing?"
 
 "I am playing a game of solitaire." he told him. "If I win this game, then it will be your turn to tell me who the wizard is." Theo said. He shuffled his cards again and continued to deal them out to each player in turn.
 
 "No! You can't do that!"
 
 "It is a game of solitaire," he told him. "If you don't want to play, then I will just give back your coin." Theo said. He shuffled his cards and started to deal them out again.
 
 "No! You can't do that!" the man said.
 
 "It is a game of solitaire," he told him. "If you don't want to play, then I will just give back your coin." Theo said. He shuffled his cards and continued to deal them out again.