 much*?''

We were sitting in the home of a former employee, drinking hot chocolate with her son. She was having trouble deciding which job she wanted: the one that paid $12 an hour and would get her on track towards U.S. citizenship; or the one that offered unpaid work experience and would also get her citizenship.

In the end, she chose to return to her former employer and accept their offer of a part-time job with no pay and no guarantee of full time work.

Camila was not alone in this choice. After conducting focus groups and one-on-one interviews, we found that the vast majority of Latino immigrant women who had been working at low wage jobs for more than 10 years wanted to stay put because they had been there a long time and liked their coworkers, or because they did not want to start over with a new employer.

But when given a choice between two job offers, some workers chose the unpaid work experience option even if it was less likely to lead to citizenship than the other offer. ``I like my boss,'' said one woman. ``I am afraid she will be mad at me if I leave.''

Why is this important? The unpaid work experience option that Camila and many of her fellow workers chose could put them on track towards U.S. citizenship, but it has other problems that make it less desirable than a paid job with similar benefits.

Unpaid work experiences may have hidden costs: Workers may not get the benefits (health care, sick days) that they would normally receive if they were paid for their work. Many women who are eligible for unpaid work experience choose to leave their jobs because their employer will not give them any benefits, or will cut back on hours to avoid paying for benefits.

Unpaid work experiences may have hidden costs: Workers may not get the benefits (health care, sick days) that they would normally receive if they were paid for their work. Many women who are eligible for unpaid work experience choose to leave their jobs because their employer will not give them any benefits, or will cut back on hours to avoid paying for benefits.

These hidden costs can have a significant impact on low-wage workers' ability to stay healthy and support themselves financially. The cost of health insurance can be prohibitive; the average monthly premium is $380 per month according to Kaiser Family Foundation data . When you add in deductibles, co-pays, and other out-of-pocket expenses, it becomes clear why many people are unable to afford health care even when they work full time.

The hidden costs of unpaid work experiences also make it difficult for low wage workers to save money for emergencies such as car repairs or medical bills, which can put them at risk of being forced into debt if something unexpected happens. And because these workers are often paid by the hour and cannot take advantage of employer-sponsored retirement plans (such as 401(k)s), they will need to rely on Social Security or private pensions when they retire, which may not be enough to cover living expenses.

Another reason that unpaid work experiences are less desirable than paid jobs is that they often lead to lower wages in the long run .

This is because employers typically do not offer raises to workers who have been on an unpaid internship program for a year or more, even if they have gained skills and experience during that time. Employers may also be less likely to hire workers who have been working at low-wage jobs for more than 10 years because they see these individuals as being ``too old'' or ``too experienced'' to be trained for new positions within the company.

In addition, some unpaid work experiences can lead to negative health outcomes due to exposure to hazardous materials such as chemicals and biological agents. This is a major concern in industries such as agriculture, where many low-wage workers are exposed to pesticides and other harmful substances on a daily basis .

So what are the alternatives for these women? There are several options available:

- * Work with an employer who offers paid internships;

- * Work with a union that can negotiate better benefits for its members;

- * Participate in vocational training programs that help prepare people for high-wage jobs in areas such as construction or technology.

- * Receive help from family and friends while they search for a new job, so they don't have to worry about losing their current income while looking for another opportunity;

- * Apply for government assistance programs such as food stamps or Medicaid if needed;