 time this had ever happened to me. 

This is a conversation that I have with coworkers all of the time. The player had called ahead and left his name but he did not leave a number and his car was in the parking lot so they didn't know who he was.

It seems as if he has arrived earlier than normal. Normally when you get in before the player, you have ample time to open up the building and get some of your daily chores done without any interruptions from anyone. 

However, today is not one of those days. As soon as I walk through the front door, the phone rings. My coworkers immediately begin to point at me. `` I guess you are going to take that,'' one coworker said, motioning for me to answer it. 

I shake my head and wave them off. It is not mine. 

`` No it is probably the player.'' My coworkers said. 

As if on cue the phone rings again. My coworkers look at me again. I roll my eyes, sigh and pick up the phone. 

I am greeted by a deep voice that I instantly recognize as the player's. `` Hey it is me.'' 

`` Oh great! You arrived before me today!''

I hear him chuckle. `` Yeah, what can I do for you?'' he asks.

I take a look at my schedule to see if there are any players who need to be moved to another table or have any questions that need to be answered. 

`` Just checking in to see if everything is OK with the game.'' I say.

`` Yeah, we are doing fine. I am going to go to the bathroom and then come back out on the floor. I will be right back.'' 

`` Alright, bye!'' I said as I put down the phone and went back to work. 

About thirty minutes later I hear his voice again. It is not the same deep voice that he had before. He sounds a little panicked. 

`` Hey it is me. Can you come out here? There was an accident in the bathroom.'' The player said, sounding nervous. 

I walk over to the bathroom and find him standing with his back against the wall. I can tell that he is injured because blood is dripping down from a cut on his head. He has a large gash near his temple. His face looks like it has been beaten up in a fight.

`` What happened?'' I ask as I take out my first aid kit. 

He shakes his head and begins to laugh nervously. `` It is nothing, don't worry about it.'' He says trying to be brave but failing miserably at hiding his pain.

I shake my head. `` No you need to go see the doctor. You look like you were in a bad car accident.'' I say as I begin to clean up the cuts on his face. 

He shakes his head again and begins to laugh nervously. He grabs onto my hand, trying to pull me away from him. `` No I don't want to go see anyone else!'' The player cries. 

I shake his hands off of mine and walk out into the hall. I call up to one of our supervisors and tell her what happened. She tells me that she will be right down to take a look at him. 

After a few minutes she comes out with an ambulance waiting outside for him. `` I am sorry we had to do this but there is nothing else that we can do.'' She says as she hands me his keys. 

I walk over to the front desk and tell the security guard what has happened. He nods in understanding and lets me in. I walk over to the player and hand him back his keys. `` We are very sorry that this had to happen. Please take care of yourself.'' I say with a sympathetic smile. 

I turn around and leave without saying goodbye because there is no need for one now. The player stands there alone, staring at his keys in his hand.