…

Talking about our own mortality is not something we usually do. And yet, there are people who actually make it their business: those who study how the human brain responds to its own mortality. I had no idea that such a discipline even existed, so I decided to talk with Dr. Paul Slovic from the University of Oregon (who’s also known as “the father of risk analysis“). We talked about what it takes for humans to actually care about their own life.

How does the brain perceive death?

There are two different things that can happen in a person’s mind. There’s the intellectual understanding of mortality, which is what you learn when you go through the various rituals associated with your culture and religion: for example, when you hear stories about heaven or hell, and what happens to your soul after death. You get an intellectual sense that this thing we call “me” is going to eventually be gone.

There are other ways that people learn about death. They see it on television, they experience it in their lives through the passing away of family members. All of these things contribute to the intellectual understanding of what it means to die. And then there’s another kind of awareness, which is an emotional or physiological response to the possibility of your own death.

When I talk about this with people they often say: “Oh well, that just happens when someone dies!” And it does happen when you hear about a loved one dying or seeing somebody die in front of your eyes. But it also happens whenever we think about our own death. We feel physiological signs of anxiety and discomfort.

A lot of research has been done on how people respond to their own mortality. Most of the studies I’ve seen show that if you ask a person to contemplate what it means to be dead, they tend to have an emotional response. They get anxious; their heart rate goes up and their blood pressure goes up.

We can see this in the brain too: there are areas associated with fear, disgust and anger that light up when people think about dying. And yet we often don’t think about death at all. We have to be prompted by something before we start thinking about it; usually something very threatening or very positive.

For example, in one study, the researchers asked a group of people how they felt about their own mortality after watching a sad movie. Another group watched an equally sad film but was also given information that said “Don’t worry! You’ll die anyway!” As expected, those who were told not to think about death reported feeling less anxious and fearful than the others – which suggests there is some kind of suppression happening here: your brain tells you not to pay attention to this thing that could make me feel bad.

But why does it matter if we ignore our mortality? What happens if we do so anyway?

We know from studies done by psychologists like Sheldon Solomon and his colleagues at Skidmore College, that when people are made more aware of their own death or when they’re exposed to images of decaying bodies or corpses, they tend to become less moralistic. They start doing things they wouldn’t normally do if they hadn’t been reminded about how vulnerable they are as human beings.

For example, one study showed that people who were asked to contemplate their own mortality were more likely to cheat on a math test than those who weren’t asked to think about it at all (which is kind of ironic because mathematicians tend not to believe in an afterlife). Another study found that when you make someone contemplate their own death, they also become less generous. And yet another found that people who are made aware of their mortality tend to have more negative attitudes toward outgroups – like immigrants or refugees.

So it seems as if we try not to think about our deaths because doing so makes us less moralistic and more likely to behave badly towards others. But why would this be? Why does knowing that we’re going to die make us want to hurt other people?

Well, I think there are a few reasons for that: first of all, when you realize how little time you have left in life – whether it’s 10 years or 50 – it can be overwhelming. You may start thinking about what matters most to you and who the important people are in your life. And if someone doesn’t fit into either category, then they become less important. They don’t seem like as much of a priority anymore because they aren’t essential for your survival or happiness – which means that you might start ignoring them completely (or treating them badly).

In addition, when you realize that your life is finite, it makes you feel more vulnerable to harm from others. You know that if someone hurts you now then there won’t be any time left for revenge later on. And so people become more aggressive and violent in an attempt to defend themselves against potential threats before they have a chance to hurt them first (like with self-defense).

And finally, knowing that our lives are limited causes us to feel like we need to make up for lost time by doing things quickly – which can lead us into rash decisions without considering all of the consequences properly. Like when you go on a spending spree at the mall because you’ll never have another chance again…or when you get married after only two weeks of dating someone.

So I guess we try not to think about death because doing so makes us more likely to do things that make us feel bad afterwards – like hurting other people and making rash decisions without thinking first! It’s a bit like driving: if you know that there are traffic lights, then you don’t need to worry too much about running over someone who might be crossing at the same time as you because they can see which way you’re going before stepping out into the road. But when there aren’t any traffic lights, then anyone could come around any corner at any moment and so everyone becomes a potential threat – and this causes people to drive more aggressively just in case something happens unexpectedly while they are on their journey.

So yes, I think it does matter if we ignore our mortality because doing so makes us less moralistic and more likely to hurt other people. But I don’t think that means we should never think about death – instead, it just means that we need to make sure that when we do think about death, we try not to let those thoughts cause us harm!