aint, leaving nothing behind them but scorched earth. They brought with them a disease that had no cure and spread like wild fire, claiming all in its path.

Few were spared this plague as the human race was destroyed on it’s own world and beyond. Those who survived learned to adapt and hide. In time they created ships to flee their home and spread across the stars. There they made contact with an ancient race who had already retreated into deep space for fear of a similar scourge. The Ancients were long since extinct but they left behind remnants of their own advanced technology, which the humans used in an effort to save themselves from the plague.

Around every star and planet in the galaxy the humans sought out what remained of the ancients’ civilization. They found old cities and vast starships filled with technology they could only begin to understand. The humans learned much and re-established their own society around these relics but still there was no cure for the plague that haunted them.

Over time new generations were born, those who had never seen a human face before. They grew up hearing stories of the great evil which once scorched the earth and had all but eradicated their people. The tales told of the great war and the destruction brought forth by the humans’ ancient enemies. These stories had become little more than folklore, passed down from generation to generation, until they became nothing more than myths.

Today there are many worlds populated with humans but they have forgotten their origins or why they were driven into exile long ago. Now the plague has subsided and the people live in peace. They have no idea that their ancestors’ ancient enemies still lurk in the blackness of space, waiting for the time when they can once again return to spread their tainted disease across the stars.

This is the premise for my new book series which I am now writing. The first novel has been started and I will be updating this page as it progresses along with some concept art and character sketches.