urying herself deep within me. I grab hold of her by her waist, lifting her up and putting her down on the bed, as we both get lost in the heat of our passion. 
 
 `` Where are you going?'' she asks me in between gasps for air. 
 
 `` I'm just checking my suitcase,'' I tell her as I head out to check my suitcase. 
 
 `` But baby, why can't you just enjoy this with me?'' Cassandra asks me, following me with a frown on her face. 
 
 `` Don't worry sweetheart, everything is going to be fine,'' I tell her as we reach the room where my suitcase is. 
 
 `` Baby, I don't want you to go,'' she says as I open up my suitcase. She takes a deep breath and adds, `` But if you have to do this then come back to me right?'' 
 
 I just nod my head in response and look at her. It has been four days since we got married and now its time for me to fulfill my duty as a soldier, but she didn't know that yet. She thinks that I am going on a business trip to Tokyo where I have many offices and meetings and I told her the same thing so that she wouldn't worry too much. 
 
 `` Baby, please don't do this,'' Cassandra says as she grabs hold of my shirt tightly and pushes me against the wall. Our lips get interlocked in a kiss and she whispers to me in between her breaths, `` Please don't go baby. I can't live without you.'' 
 
 She wraps her arms around my neck and presses herself into me, letting out a gasp for air. She starts crying as she buries her face deep inside my chest and hugs me tightly. 
 
 `` Baby please, this is important,'' I tell her in between the tears that started to fall down my eyes too, when I saw her crying like this. 
 
 `` But why can't you just take a leave or something?'' Cassandra asks, her voice choking up with emotion. I just kiss her on her forehead and say, `` No baby, it can't be avoided.'' 
 
 She looks at me and I see tears in her eyes and she whispers to me, `` Be careful soldier,'' as she gives me a kiss on the lips before going back into our bedroom.
 
 I pack up my things in my suitcase and start to head out of the room when I hear Cassandra's voice calling for me. I look at her and see that she is sitting on our bed with my wedding ring clutched in her hands, as if she doesn't want me to take it off. 
 
 `` Baby don't take this,'' she says as she shows it to me. 
 
 `` But Cassandra baby, you need it more than me now.'' 
 
 She just looks at me for a moment and then goes back into the room, as I head out. I get inside our car that is parked outside our house and start to drive away towards the airport where I have to board my flight. 
 
 `` Sir, do you know why you are here?'' A soldier in his mid 30s asks me after I enter the army base in Afghanistan. 
 
 `` Yes, I am here for my duty.'' I say and show him my credentials that I carry at all times, when I go on missions like these. The soldier looks at them and nods his head in agreement before telling me to follow him inside, where other soldiers are gathered. 
 
 I walk up to them and introduce myself as the new member of their team who has been sent here from Tokyo for a mission that they have already started working on. The soldiers look at me with a mixed feeling of surprise and shock, when they hear what I say to them because no one thought that a Japanese soldier would be coming here for this particular mission. 
 
 I don't really care about what others think though, as long as my wife is safe and sound back home where she belongs. So I just ignore everyone else's reaction towards me when they start talking among themselves after hearing the news from me that I am part of their team now. The only person who doesn't seem surprised or shocked by this development is Captain John Smith, the leader of this particular group. 
 
 `` Welcome to Afghanistan Lieutenant Yamato,'' he says as he walks up to me and shakes hands with me. 
 
 `` Thank you sir,'' I tell him before turning around towards one of the soldiers that was present there who seemed to be a bit young than everyone else, probably in his late teens or early twenties. He looks at me with a confused look on his face as he asks, `` Are you from Japan?'' 
 
 I just nod my head in response and tell him, `` Yes sir, but don't worry about it.'' 
 
 The young soldier just looks at me for a moment before smiling at me. He then turns around towards his teammates and says, `` Hey guys, we got ourselves a Jap from Tokyo.'' 
 
 Everyone else present there starts laughing out loud as they hear this news from their fellow soldier who has been part of this particular group since the start of this mission here in Afghanistan. I just nod my head in response before Captain Smith tells everyone to get back to work as it is time for them to move on with the operation that they are currently working on. 
 
 The other soldiers all get up and start moving towards their respective stations while Captain John Smith walks up to me and starts talking about what I should do first after joining this group of his. He tells me that he wants me to help them out in taking down a Taliban commander who has been causing trouble for the people of Afghanistan, but they have been unsuccessful so far due to him being very smart at what he does. 
 
 `` It's going to be tough,'' Captain Smith says as he looks at me with a serious expression on his face. 
 
 `` Don't worry sir, I am up for the challenge.'' 
 
 `` Good then we will start planning out our next move right away,'' Captain John says before turning around and walking towards his office where he is going to be working on this particular operation. 
 
 I just nod my head in response and follow him inside, as everyone else starts moving back into their respective positions again after they hear what has been decided by the Captain of this particular team here at the army base in Afghanistan. I am sure that it will be a long day for me today since we have got a lot of work to do before we can start planning out our next move against the Taliban commander who is causing trouble in the region where we are currently operating from here. 
 
 `` How many men are there on your team Lieutenant Yamato?'' Captain John Smith asks me as he sits down behind his desk with a cup of coffee in front of him while I stand next to him looking out through the window at the people who were still working hard outside. 
 
 `` There are six members in my squad sir,'' I tell him before sitting down on one of the chairs that was present inside Captain John Smith's office where we were currently having our conversation about what needs to be done next after joining this particular group of his. 
 
 `` Good then it won't take too long for us to get things started here,'' he says before standing up and walking towards me with a smile on his face as he shakes hands with me again. I just nod my head in response and follow him out of the office where everyone else is present working hard outside without any sort of break whatsoever because they know how important their jobs are for them personally as well as professionally here at the army base in Afghanistan where we are currently operating from here right now. 
 
 The next few hours were spent talking about our plans against the Taliban commander who is causing trouble for us here in Afghanistan with Captain John Smith guiding me through everything that I need to know before going into battle with them tomorrow morning since it will be a very difficult operation where we have got just one chance to get things right or else everything can go wrong very fast due to how smart our enemy is at what he does. 
 
 After discussing everything that needs to happen tomorrow, Captain Smith tells me that he will see me in the morning before going back into his office where everyone else starts working on their respective jobs again after hearing what has been decided by him about what needs to be done next against the Taliban commander who is causing trouble for us here at the army base in Afghanistan.
User 1: "All right men, let's get ready," Captain Smith says as he stands up from behind his desk with a smile on his face while everyone else starts moving around inside their respective offices looking out through the window at what needs to happen next before going into battle against our enemy here tomorrow morning since it will be an extremely difficult operation where we have got just one chance or else everything can go wrong very fast due to how smart our enemy is at what he does. 
 
 I just nod my head in response and follow him outside where everyone else starts moving around inside their respective offices looking out through the window at what needs to happen next before going into battle against our enemy here tomorrow morning since it will be an extremely difficult operation where we have got just