agan city.

"It's like... a whole other world," he mumbled to himself as he looked around the room. It was one of those rooms which is so big and has such high ceilings and big windows that you would normally only expect to find in a rich person's house. But this one wasn't, because there were about 80 other people inside it, sitting on chairs.

He took one of the seats by himself, just like he always did when he was in meetings. It had been a long time since he'd been at a meeting. He couldn't remember the last time he had gone to a meeting without it being an emergency. They'd just kept coming and coming and he didn't really have time to think about anything else anymore.

That was what this was, right? It was an emergency. If someone called them to meet up like they were doing now then there must be something that needed to be talked about, or else why call it an "emergency"? It had been a while since he'd done any thinking. It was difficult to think these days.

Mike looked around at the other people in the room and wondered if they were also thinking as he was. He didn't know them very well, but he knew that he couldn't trust any of them. There was no one here who hadn't betrayed him at some point or other during the last few months. Even if there were still people who liked him and who weren't angry with him anymore, there was no telling when they would turn on him again.

He had been thinking about this a lot lately, actually. He didn't really want to think about it, but he kept coming back to it anyway. It was like trying not to think of a pink elephant and then suddenly remembering that you were supposed to be thinking of something else. No matter how hard he tried he couldn't stop thinking about all the ways in which people had betrayed him over the past few months.

He wondered if they were thinking about it too. He was sure that some of them must have been thinking about it, but did any of them actually care? Did any of them even care at all anymore? It would be nice if there was someone he could talk to who didn't hate him and who knew what he was going through right now. But no one did. And if they did, they probably wouldn't want to say anything because then they'd be admitting that they cared about him and maybe even liked him as well - and that would mean betraying themselves just like everyone else had done already.

He didn't know what to do anymore. He couldn't go on like this forever. Eventually something was going to have to give way because it wasn't sustainable any longer; he couldn't keep up with the pace of meetings every week without having some kind of breakdown sooner or later. But what would happen if he stopped coming? What would people say about him then? Would they think that he was weak? Or maybe even stupid? That wouldn't be fair because it wasn't his fault - but still, he didn't want to give anyone else any reason to dislike him even more than they already did.

Mike looked at the people around him again and sighed heavily as he realized that there was no way out of this situation except through it. There were so many things going on right now that it felt like everything was spinning out of control all at once; everyone was trying to do something different but none of them seemed capable of getting anything done without making someone else angry along the way somehow. It made him feel exhausted just thinking about everything that was happening right now and how hard it would be for anyone involved in any kind of leadership position right now - even if they weren't actually leading anything themselves - because there was so much pressure on them from so many directions at once all the time.

He looked around again and saw another person looking back at him with a similar expression on his face: a look of exhaustion mixed with despair at how impossible it seemed like things had gotten lately for everyone involved in any kind of leadership role or responsibility within their community or society as a whole right now - especially those who were trying to do something meaningful while also keeping themselves safe from harm's way as best they could under current conditions.

Mike nodded slowly before turning away again without saying anything else aloud or making eye contact with anyone else for several minutes afterward until he finally managed to get up out of his seat and walk over towards one corner where there was an empty chair sitting next to a window facing out onto the street outside; once he sat down, it took him several more moments before he finally started talking again: "It's just... everything seems so overwhelming right now." He sighed heavily again before continuing:

"There's no way we can keep this up forever without burning ourselves out completely. I mean, sure there are some people who are probably used to working in high-stress environments like this one, but most of us aren't - and even if we were, it wouldn't change the fact that none of us really know how much longer we can keep going without having something else break down completely along the way somewhere down the line."

Mike paused again before continuing: "I don't know what other people here think about all this... but I know what I do, and it's not good - especially since everyone else seems so stressed out too these days." He sighed heavily once more before looking over at another person sitting nearby who had been listening intently to everything he was saying throughout his entire speech so far; this time though instead of nodding back or shaking their head in agreement with what Mike had just said out loud about how bad things were getting lately within their community as well as society as a whole right now, they simply smiled at him softly before turning away again without saying anything else aloud either way afterwards.

Mike looked over towards the person who was smiling back at him for several more moments until he finally got up out of his seat and walked back over towards where everyone else was still sitting down on their own chairs; once there, though, it took only about another minute or so before they all started talking together again in small groups while trying not to let anyone else hear any of what they were saying out loud either way because none of them wanted anything bad happening between themselves right now either if possible at all - especially since everyone was already under enough pressure already just dealing with all these other issues going on right now without having something else come along and cause even more problems between us right now as well.

As soon as Mike sat down again he immediately started listening in on what everyone else was talking about while trying hard not to let his own thoughts get distracted by any of it either way because all he wanted right then was just to listen in peace without having anything else happen between himself and everyone else involved here right now too.

Several minutes passed before Mike finally got up out of his seat again after everyone had stopped talking among themselves once more; when he did though it took only another minute or so before they all started talking together again in small groups while trying not to let anyone else hear any of what they were saying out loud either way because none of them wanted anything bad happening between themselves right now either if possible at all - especially since everyone was already under enough pressure already just dealing with all these other issues going on right now without having something else come along and cause even more problems between us right now as well.

As soon as Mike sat down again he immediately started listening in on what everyone else was talking about while trying hard not to let his own thoughts get distracted by any of it either way because all he wanted right then was just to listen in peace without having anything else happen between himself and everyone else involved here right now too.

Several minutes passed before Mike finally got up out of his seat again after everyone had stopped talking among themselves once more; when he did though it took only another minute or so before they all started talking together again in small groups while trying not to let anyone else hear any of what they were saying out loud either way because none of them wanted anything bad happening between themselves right now either if possible at all - especially since everyone was already under enough pressure already just dealing with all these other issues going on right now without having something else come along and cause even more problems between us right now as well.