, but that shit is what made me who I am today. So for God's sake go to college and try and get some sort of degree. Also, stop being so lazy and don't just live your life. Do something about it. Go on adventures and travel the world. Make yourself happy. 
 
 Now about you and this chick you call a girlfriend. You know she's going nowhere fast? She'll get married and have kids, but you need to break that shit off now or you're going to end up as an old, bitter man. And that shit is no good for anybody. So drop her like it's hot. 
 
 There are a few other things I should tell you before we go any further. For one, do not trust your parents about anything. They lie all the time and don't care about what you want to do with your life. 
 
 And finally, keep this letter with you at all times. It could save you some serious trouble later on down the road. So now that we have that out of the way, it's time for a few more things I wish you would do. 
 
 First off, stop being so damn stubborn about everything. You know you're right most of the time but that doesn't mean everyone else is wrong. Have some respect for other people's opinions. 
 
 Second, quit wasting your time with video games and start reading more. The world is a better place because of books and they can help make you smarter too! 
 
 Third, stop being such a dick to everyone who doesn't like the same stuff as you do. They aren't any worse than anyone else in this world so why do you think it's okay for them to get bullied? It isn't. And last but not least, don't forget about your friends when life gets tough. You never know what they might have done if they hadn't been there for you when times were rough. 
 
 So in conclusion, remember that this letter is meant as a guide only and not an exact roadmap to follow every step of the way because everyone has their own path to walk on in life so just try your best at being happy while also making sure others around you are happy too!
 
 Good luck out there little brother. I hope it all works out for ya'll!!
```