 the heat and the cold together. It was the first time I’d ever felt so hot and cold simultaneously, except for when I was little and used to go into a feverish seizure, which, according to the doctor, were only brought on by the way my brain worked.

I ’ m not sure if there is anything more painful than that: being hot and cold at the same time. It was almost like my body couldn’t process itself in any other way; it was just stuck like that. And even though I hadn ’ t had one of those seizures since I was eight, I felt like I might be going into one again. The ECT must have done something to trigger it or else I never would have made the connection between it and my last flashback.

I tried to get up, but there wasn’t anywhere for me to go. Every step forward took me further from where I was supposed to be: my dorm room at UCLA in 2013. But the more I kept trying to get away from it all, the harder it was getting for me to make it through this experience, so instead of pushing myself into a place where I felt comfortable, I decided to give up and just sit here with it.

“I think you ’ re going to be okay, ” said the EMT. He was sitting next to me, his eyes on mine.

He had long hair pulled back in a ponytail, which was tied into an intricate knot at its end. The kind that would take hours to undo, but once it ’ s done, no one will be able to tell what kind of hairstyle you have because they ’ ll just think you look like someone with really short hair and nothing else going on up there except maybe some nice curls or waves at the bottom if your head is round enough.

“I think I need to see my parents, ” I said, feeling like crying but not knowing how or what for. It was as though all of my emotions had been shut down by this place and time I ’ d ended up in, even though it hadn’t actually been that long ago. All I could remember were flashes from back then, when things were good and everything felt right.

“We ’ ll take you to them, ” said the EMT as he started unhooking my IV line. “We just have to make sure we can get your heart rate down first.”

“I’m sorry,” I said again, this time through tears that were starting to fall down my cheeks. It felt like I was trying too hard not to cry in front of him because he might think I ’ m weak or something else bad if they saw me cry. Like maybe he would take it as a sign that I wasn’t strong enough to go back into that world again, but then again maybe he wouldn’t care at all; after all, this was just his job and he didn’t really know anything about me anyways so why should he care?

I don ’ t remember much about the ride there. It felt like forever and yet no time passed at all while we were driving along some dark road in the middle of nowhere. I couldn’t stop thinking about how lonely it must have been for him out here by himself, just sitting inside his car waiting for someone like me to come along so he could save their life with an IV bag full of drugs they wouldn ’ t even know what was in them unless someone told them later on down the road.