ing'' its patients by shock therapy, and I had come to investigate. But it wasn't the way they were rehabilitating their patients that frightened me - it was the way that they treated the staff!
 
 The man in question, Mr. Bates, was the owner and director of the facility. He gave a quick look around before stepping out into the hallway to talk with his employee. 
 
 `` Mr. Bates is only trying to help you, love.'' his assistant said softly to a woman who looked to be in her thirties. She had a small bruise on her cheekbone that was only visible if one knew where to look. The assistant had an older gentleman with her who I could only assume was the patient's husband.
 
 `` I don't need you to help me. You can't make me take the treatment.'' the woman, whose name I later learned was Lana, said as she sat on a small couch in the hallway.
 
 `` We both know that you do, my dear...'' Mr. Bates said. He smiled slightly and took out a cigarette from his pocket. `` But for now, let's all go have a nice lunch.'' 
 
 `` I don't want to eat with you, Mr. Bates.'' Lana replied as they headed down the hallway together. The man walked next to her husband while the assistant walked in front of the two. 
 
 When we arrived at the cafeteria, I saw that it was full of patients. I recognized a few of them from the ward, but not all. There were no signs of violence, and no one seemed particularly upset with eachother - but when I looked into their eyes, I could tell that they had all experienced some kind of emotional trauma.
 
 I followed Mr. Bates as he went over to a large table full of patients. They were all seated in a circle around him, but Lana was not amongst them. Her husband sat at the other end of the table with his head bowed and his arms wrapped tightly across his chest.
 
 `` Good afternoon.'' Mr. Bates said as he looked over the table to find that no one had yet taken their seats. He nodded and took a seat in one of the chairs on either side of him, while the others slowly sat down around him. When they were all seated, I began to notice a small glowing light emanating from Mr. Bates' eyes. It was brightest at his pupils, but it faded out as it traveled across his face.
 
 `` My name is Mr. Bates and this is my assistant Ms. Smith.'' he said with a warm smile. `` And you are all here because I have decided that you need to learn how to be good people again.'' he added, before taking a drag of his cigarette and inhaling deeply. 
 
 The room fell silent as the patients stared at him in disbelief. They knew that he was a psychopath, but they didn't expect him to admit it so openly. When Lana finally spoke up again, she did so quietly enough that only her husband could hear her over the sound of Mr. Bates' cigarette.
 
 `` You can't make me take your treatment!'' she said as she stood up from where she had been sitting on the other side of the room. `` And I won't let you hurt my husband again.'' 
 
 I was surprised that Mr. Bates didn't try to stop her or restrain her in any way - he just looked at her with a slight grin as if he knew what she would do next. The patients who were sitting closest to him all began backing away from their seats, but none of them spoke up.
 
 `` What is it that you want me to do?'' he asked calmly as he took another drag of his cigarette and blew out a thick cloud of smoke. 
 
 `` I want you to leave me and my husband alone!'' she cried out before running across the room towards where Mr. Bates was sitting, only to trip over one of the chairs and fall flat on her face. 
 
 The patients in the room all gasped as Lana began crawling back towards them on hands and knees. Mr. Bates just smiled at her and continued to smoke his cigarette. He took another drag before saying calmly, `` Well then...''
 
 The next thing I knew, a bright light shone down from above and the room was filled with an intense heat that made my eyes water. Everyone in the room started screaming as their skin began to burn and blister, and even though Mr. Bates stood up from his chair, he didn't seem bothered by it at all. When the light finally faded away, everyone in the room lay dead on the floor - except for Lana and her husband, who had managed to crawl out of reach before being burnt alive themselves.
 
 `` I guess that was your first lesson...'' Mr. Bates said as he put his cigarette out in an ashtray on the table next to him. The assistant quickly walked over and started cleaning up all of the bodies before they began rotting away, while Mr. Bates just sat at his seat and smoked another cigarette. 
 
 `` I'll be waiting for you here tomorrow...'' he said with a smile as Lana and her husband were wheeled out of the room on stretchers. The patients who had survived the ordeal were all taken back to their rooms, while Mr. Bates and his assistant cleaned up the mess left behind. 
 
 Afterwards, I met with the staff and other agents from our office to discuss what had happened. We had been monitoring this facility for months beforehand because of the rumors we'd heard about them rehabilitating their patients by shock therapy, but we never expected anything like this...
 
 It wasn't until later that evening when I started researching Mr. Bates online and found out more about him. He had been a doctor who had worked in a psych ward before starting up his own facility - he was known for being cruel to both patients and staff alike, but it was only after learning about what happened here that we realized just how bad he really was... 
 
 So now you know the truth about Mr. Bates, and why I'll never forget him!