 through the cold, dank room and then silence. I stopped moving and stared up at the metal hatch above me as I tried to figure out how in hell I'd gotten myself into this mess.

It was day number two of my stay aboard the U.S. Navy guided-missile cruiser USS Mobile Bay, which had been moored near Fort Eustis in Virginia for the past few days. The ship was on its way to a training exercise at sea and would be departing the next morning. I'd come to the Bay as an overnight guest of my brother-in-law, Lt. Commander Dirk Smith, who's currently serving on the staff of the admiral in charge of all U.S. Navy forces in the Pacific Ocean.

The night before had been a fun one. I had sat with Dirk and his friends as they enjoyed drinks and conversation, then it was off to bed for me, but not before having my first-ever tour of an active warship. It was 3 a.m. when we finished our walk through the ship; I made it back to my room, which was located in one of the four small cabins on board that were set aside for guests. The next morning I'd have to return to Dirk's home and then drive myself and a few of his fellow officers down to Hampton Roads.

My sleep had been interrupted several times by loud banging noises coming from below deck, followed shortly thereafter by the sound of voices shouting loudly in what sounded like the hallways above me. I guessed that the crew was up preparing for its departure, which had been scheduled for 6 a.m. I hadn't bothered to wake and look outside because I was so comfortable on my bed, which was as close to heavenly as any mattress can be.

A few minutes later there came a knock at my door. I assumed it was Dirk or one of his friends who had decided that they would escort me off the ship before dawn, but when I opened the door, instead of seeing a familiar face, what I saw was the barrel end of a service revolver aimed squarely at the center of my forehead.

`` Get up and get dressed.'' The words came out in a hushed whisper from the man standing in front of me, and although his voice sounded calm enough on its own, it still managed to send a chill down my spine as I slowly stepped away from the door.

As I walked toward him I glanced over my shoulder to see two other men, one armed with a shotgun and the other with a long gun that resembled an assault rifle, standing behind me. I was beginning to feel as though I were in some kind of surreal dream, but the more I looked at these guys, the less like a dream they seemed. The man holding the revolver had a military buzz cut and wore olive-drab fatigues that bore no insignia; he also carried himself with the confident posture of a seasoned combat soldier.

`` You have exactly one minute to get dressed.'' He was standing only about three feet from me now, his eyes glinting in the dim light from the overhead fluorescent fixtures. I stared at him for several seconds as I tried to figure out what was happening here; when I didn't react or move immediately he raised the revolver slightly so that its barrel was now aimed just above my right eye.

`` I said get dressed.'' His voice was low and flat, yet there was a subtle hint of steel in it. He also sounded as if he were talking to someone who'd been told these instructions many times before but had still failed to comply.

I took a step backward toward my bed while I fumbled for the light switch that was located above my headboard. It didn't matter that they had guns trained on me; it also didn't matter that I could tell by their body language and general bearing that these men were far more physically fit than I was, not to mention better armed.

I simply couldn't stand being in the dark anymore, so I flipped on the light switch and then looked up at them. The man who had been holding his revolt