 shades of orange. It is a beautiful place to be sure but she doesn’t care much for beauty.

“You look well,” I say, “I don’t think you have aged at all.”

She laughs at me and runs her fingers through the grey in her hair, the one that was so black when we first met. She looks beautiful to me even though she isn’t. It is just a matter of perception. I don’t think she has changed much either, though I am not sure what to tell you about her.

“How are your boys?” she asks. “I remember they were small when we last met.” She knows what the answer will be and her eyes look away from mine as I begin to speak. They never really were my boys but there is nothing that can stop me from grieving for them now.

The silence stretches out between us like a frozen river, the ice melting under our feet. The wind rises in strength and it grows cold and it snaps at our ears as I try to speak again. “I’m sorry,” she says. “It is just so painful for me to think of them.”

“That is why I came here,” I say, though it doesn’t seem like the right thing to say. I don’t want her to feel sorry for me; I am not sure I can stand that much pain again. The tears run down her cheeks and she turns away from me as they do.

We are silent for a long time, both of us staring at the sunset, the water crashing below. There is a great beauty in it but I don’t think she sees it anymore than I do. My heart breaks at the thought that she will never know true peace again but what can I say? How can I give her that gift when I have failed to find it for myself?

“I miss them,” she finally says. “They were good boys.”

The words are like a balm to my soul and they make the tears well up in my eyes. I don’t know why we have never told each other this before but there is something about this place that makes us open our hearts again.

“I wish I could have saved them,” she says.

“But you couldn’t.”

She nods and I see her shoulders slump a little under the weight of it all, as if she has finally accepted what happened here years ago. It is only now that I realize how much time has passed since we last met but I do not care. We have never been very good at keeping time in this place anyway; we are only ever in it for a few moments and then the moment slips away, leaving us with nothing but regret.

She turns to me again as if she can read my thoughts and says: “You know what happened to them?”

“Yes,” I say, “I was there.”

We are silent once more as the sun slips below the horizon. She stares into the water and it is only then that I realize how cold the wind has become. The moon begins to rise above us and we stand in silence again until she finally speaks: “Will you stay with me?”