 om the mist, locked in silent battle with the enemy. The first blow was struck as the sable beast jumped into the air to attack, but his target raised his sword at just the right moment and blocked the sable warrior’s thrust.

The white soldier kicked his foot forward, sweeping the black knight’s legs out from under him. His black opponent rolled with the momentum, regained his footing, and swung his blade at the white knight’s chest. The white knight dropped to one knee and brought his sword up in defense, blocking his enemy’s blow.

The sable soldier took the opportunity to lunge forward at the black knight, but the black knight raised his shield just in time to block the attack. With a quick turn of his body, he thrust the butt end of his sword into the white warrior’s stomach and lifted his leg to kick him away.

The white soldier rolled out of the way and brought up his own sword at the same moment that the black knight did, the two blades clashing as they met in mid-air. A loud clang echoed through the air as a crack spider webbed across the surface of the white warrior’s sword.

The black soldier let out a triumphant battle cry and jumped into the air once more with the intent of delivering a death blow. The white soldier fell back, raising both arms to deflect the oncoming attack. His sword connected with his enemy’s blade and they fell backward as one, landing hard against the ground in a tangle of limbs.

The white knight twisted out from under the black warrior and pulled himself back to his feet. He spun around just in time to block his enemy’s blow as he rose up from the ground. They clashed again in mid-air, but this time the white knight was able to push the black soldier backward with enough force to break his grip on his sword. The sable soldier stumbled back and fell to one knee as his sword dropped out of reach.

The white knight followed up his blow by lunging forward with a strike at the black knight’s chest, but the black warrior was ready and blocked the attack. They struggled for several seconds in a dance of steel, neither gaining any advantage over the other. Finally the white knight ducked low and kicked upward into the stomach of the black warrior, lifting him off his feet as he rolled out of the way.

The white soldier followed through with another kick that knocked the sable soldier to the ground and out of range. As the black knight landed on his knees, the white one held his sword ready to deliver a killing blow. The black knight saw what was coming and raised his shield in defense.

The white warrior lowered his blade just before it reached its mark, but not enough to save his enemy from a glancing strike that knocked him sideways and left a long cut on the side of his head. Blood dripped down into his eye, but he managed to keep his shield between him and his foe’s blade as he pushed himself back to his feet.

He was met by the white warrior who had already regained his own footing. The white knight swung at the black knight’s chest with everything he had left, but the sable soldier blocked the attack and followed up with a swing of his own that left a gash across the white knight’s forearm.

Both warriors backed off to let their wounds heal. The sable knight held the edge as the blood dripped down his face. His white opponent was injured more severely, but he refused to show weakness. They circled each other cautiously, looking for an opening to deliver a killing blow.

Finally the black soldier saw his chance and jumped into the air at the same time that the white knight dropped to one knee. The white warrior brought up his shield as the sable soldier drove his sword downward through it, but he was still able to deflect the attack enough to keep from losing a limb.

The black knight rolled off his enemy’s shield and swung upward with all of his might into the stomach of his opponent. The white warrior dropped his weapon as the air rushed out of him and fell onto his back, gasping for breath. He could not move, but he was still alive.

The sable knight stood over his fallen foe and brought down his sword in a killing blow. At the last moment, however, the white warrior grabbed onto the black soldier’s ankle as his sword passed within reach and pulled him off balance. The two fell to the ground and wrestled for control of their weapons, neither willing to give up without a fight.

The sable knight was able to regain his feet first and brought down his sword with all his might onto the back of the white warrior’s head. Blood spurted out in a wide spray as the black soldier fell forward, dead.

As he turned away from his fallen enemy, however, an arrow caught him in the thigh and drove him to one knee. He looked up at his assailant: a woman with long flowing hair who wore a simple dress of white with a red sash tied around her waist. She pulled back the bowstring to deliver another shot, but before she could release it the black warrior fell to the ground with an arrow in his heart.

The white knight looked at her in confusion for several seconds as if he could not believe what had happened. Then he turned and staggered away into the mist from whence he came. The woman followed him at a distance, watching as he disappeared from sight. When she was certain that he was gone, she returned to the body of her fallen friend to offer up a prayer for his soul before gathering her things and heading home.

It is not known if the white knight survived or how many more such battles were fought by these two warriors during their lives, but it is clear that neither one gave up without putting up a good fight.

A young man sits in his room, writing in a journal. He is surrounded by books and scrolls of all sizes, shapes, and colors, some on shelves and others piled high on the floor. The room is lit only by the flickering light of several candles, which gives it a dim, spooky atmosphere.

“I wonder what I will find in here,” the man whispers to himself as he reaches for another scroll from among those surrounding him. “It must be something important if they went to such lengths to hide it away.” He flips through page after page until he finally finds one that has been folded up and stuffed inside an old book.

He pulls it out carefully, unfolds it, and begins reading:

“In the days of old, when the gods still walked among us, there was a great war between the light and dark. The goddess of the moon was trapped in her own temple by her dark counterpart, who sought to destroy her and all those under her protection. A young hero named Tarsus rose up to challenge him, but he was no match for his enemy’s power.

Tarsus begged his father, the god of war, for help, but the god refused, saying that only one with true courage could face such a foe. So Tarsus set off on his own, hoping against hope that somehow he would find what he needed to save his beloved mother before it was too late.

He traveled for many days until at last he came to an old temple surrounded by a forest of oaks and elms. The door to the temple stood open, but no sound could be heard from within. As he stepped through the doorway, however, Tarsus suddenly found himself in another world altogether: one filled with light and beauty instead of darkness and death.

He looked around him in wonder for a moment before turning toward a large stone altar that sat atop several steps leading down into what appeared to be some sort of underground chamber below the temple floor. There he found what appeared to be an offering bowl made out of gold and filled with glowing blue crystals.

He knew immediately what he had to do, but before he could reach for it, his mother’s voice called out from somewhere deep within his heart: “No Tarsus! You cannot take this! It will only bring disaster upon you!”

He turned around in surprise and saw her standing just behind him. She was dressed in a white gown that shone like the sun itself. Her hair was long and golden, and she looked at him with eyes filled with love and regret.

“I know, my child,” she said gently. “But I must go now. The goddess of the moon needs me.” With that, she turned around and walked away from him toward a door that led out into the forest beyond. She paused for just a moment before disappearing through it completely.

Tarsus stood there for several moments, tears streaming down his face as he watched her go. Finally, he turned back toward the offering bowl and picked it up carefully. He placed it inside his tunic along with another crystal that he had found lying nearby on the ground and then hurried after his mother into the woods beyond.”

The man continues reading until he comes to a sudden stop, his breath caught in his throat. He looks up from the scroll as if he has seen a ghost or something equally terrifying.

“What is it?” his wife asks, coming over to stand beside him. “Are you all right?”

He shakes his head slowly and then hands her the scroll so that she can read it for herself.