 My eyes look over the edge of the cliff as I climb and scan the forest floor for any signs of my plane.

“Hey, what are you doing?” A voice comes from behind me. I turn around to find myself staring at a man with dark hair. He looks about my age or slightly older than me but other then that he looks like an average Joe. “I thought you were supposed to be alone? What happened to the rest of your crew?”

“Um, there was no crew. I’ve been stranded here on this island and just now found out that I am not alone.”

The man reaches his hand out for me as he says “Well come on then. Let me show you around.” He grabs my hand and pulls me to my feet.

“Do we need to talk about what’s going on with this plane first?” I ask the man that just pulled me up off the ground.

“Yea, it landed in a pretty remote area so they are probably having trouble finding you.” The man says as he points down at my plane and says “I think that might be yours over there”

“Oh really? Do you have a boat I can use to get down there?” I ask the man.

He shakes his head no and I sigh heavily.

The man walks off towards a small clearing in the forest. He turns around as he reaches the end of the forest line and motions for me to follow him. “I’ve been wanting to show you this for quite some time now, but you know how it is.” The man says with a wink as we continue walking through the trees.

After about 5 minutes of walking I notice that we have reached another cliff side and that this one looks like an ancient fortress wall. “Well this is it!” The man says as he points at something on top of the wall. I turn around to look what it was that caught his eye only to find out that it’s a statue with wings coming out from both sides holding up a giant spear!

“What do you think?” He asks me, “This is one of the most important parts of our history!”

The man turns back towards me and says “Well now that I have your attention maybe we can get started on what happened to us.”

He turns around again and walks over to a large tree stump in front of him. He starts digging through his backpack and pulls out an old looking journal. “Well I guess we’ll start with where you come from. How about telling me a little bit about yourself?”

“Um, ok…” I say as I turn around once more to look at the statue on top of the wall again.”