 I can't forget that paper for Professor Winston* she thought while passing by the tall buildings of downtown Chicago.

She turned into a side street to walk home from work, it was already dark outside. She was so engrossed in her thoughts that she didn't notice when one of the streets turned a corner and became a dead end, she was completely surprised when she suddenly walked right into the back of a tall man.

"Excuse me!!" Sandra yelped as he spun around to see what had startled him, only to realize that it was the petite redhead walking behind him. He apologized to her, and the two went on their way.

The man continued down the alleyway, thinking about his day, when out of nowhere a very large and strong hand wrapped itself around the back of his neck, and before he could even think to move or react, a sharp object was pressed against his spine, and the cold words came from behind him. "Give me everything you have"

The man's first instinct was to fight back, but when he turned around, he saw that it was a very well dressed, and armed man who stood before him. He was in no position to fight, so he reached into his pocket and pulled out his wallet. The assailant grabbed the contents of his pockets and began going through them quickly, "Very nice!" he exclaimed when he came across his checkbook, he then handed it back to the man along with the rest of the contents, and walked away from him.

The mugger watched him walk off until he was out of sight, and then quickly ran down an alleyway, jumped a fence into a parking lot and jumped back over another fence before anyone could even notice that something had happened. He sat on the other side of the wall for a few moments to catch his breath, when he heard footsteps coming up behind him.

"Whoa, whoa! Hold it right there!" yelled a voice from behind. The man turned around and saw three uniformed men walking towards him. "You're under arrest"

The mugger pulled out another gun he kept tucked into the back of his pants and quickly shot two of the officers before they could even react, but one of them managed to draw his weapon and fired, hitting the man in the shoulder. The mugger ran off leaving a trail of blood as he made his way towards a white van sitting outside of an alleyway. He jumped into the driver's seat and sped off, quickly losing the police on his tail.

The car drove around the streets of Chicago for a while before finally stopping at a house, where a man who was dressed just as well as he was stood waiting by the door. He got out of the van, and walked up to him, "How did it go?"

"Everything went smoothly" he said. The other man shook his head in disgust, "That's what you think? Did it ever occur to you that someone might have seen you shoot them in their backyard, or even worse, that you would have missed your shot?"

The mugger sighed. "I'm sorry, it won't happen again"

"Good!" He said with a smirk before opening the door and walking into his home, leaving the other man standing by the car alone in thought. *It will never happen again* he promised himself as he walked up the steps and entered his house.

Meanwhile, Sandra continued on her way down the alleyway she had started down a few minutes ago. It was already dark outside so it was hard to see anything, but she could make out a door at the end of the street with light coming from behind it. She walked up to the door and knocked. After waiting for a couple seconds without getting any answer she turned around and continued on her way home.

*What is he doing? He's been gone for a while, I should go see if he's alright* she thought as she began walking back towards the house again. She walked up to the door once more and knocked. She heard some footsteps from inside so she tried the doorknob, which was unlocked. She opened the door slowly, but stopped when she saw a gun pointed at her head.

"Don't move!" A man said with an angry voice. Sandra froze in place, not sure what to do next. The mugger took a few steps forward and began searching through her purse for anything he might want. "Who lives here?" he asked after a few minutes of rummaging through her belongings.

"I do" she said after a few seconds of contemplating whether or not it would be better to lie or tell him the truth. She had no idea what was going on, but figured that she might as well try and reason with him, maybe he just needed some money.

The mugger looked at her in surprise before turning back around and putting his gun away. "Who are you?" Sandra asked as he walked towards the kitchen table where a man was sitting, clearly drunk off his ass. The mugger didn't answer but sat down next to him with a smile on his face, "What happened?"

"What do you mean?" the other man asked. He was obviously very confused by the situation. Sandra walked into the kitchen and sat down at the table as well.

"I just got back from work, and I found this guy in my house with a gun pointing at me" she said with a sigh. The other man looked over at her before turning his attention back to his guest, "What are you doing here?" he asked.

The mugger grinned before standing up and walking out of the room. Sandra and the man in the chair both watched him leave before looking at each other for a few seconds. The man spoke first. "Well, I guess I'll just go back to bed then" he said as he got up from the chair and walked into another room.

Sandra was left sitting alone with her thoughts. *What in the hell is going on? Who are they? Where did they come from?* she wondered before finally getting up and walking out of the kitchen. She made her way back down the alleyway, trying to figure out what had just happened to her.

The mugger had taken a seat at one of the barstools in the kitchen, taking a sip of his beer as he watched Sandra walk past him without saying anything. He smiled to himself before turning back around and finishing off his drink.

Sandra continued walking down the street, trying her best to ignore everything that happened over the last few minutes. *What was that? Who were those men? And who is this man?* she wondered as she came across another door with a light shining from behind it. She knocked on it just like she had done before, but this time there was no answer. She waited for a moment before turning around and continuing down the alleyway, hoping to find someone who could help her figure out what just happened.

As Sandra walked away, the mugger got up from his seat at the barstool and followed her outside of the house. "Wait!" he yelled as she turned around, but it was too late. She had already disappeared down another alleyway. The mugger sighed in defeat before turning back around and walking into his home once again.