agles to descend and devour me. They’ll be here any minute.

My brain is racing through possibilities, trying to figure out how this could have happened, but it is difficult to think with the pain. The gunshot has thrown my head into a tailspin. I’m not sure what time it is or even where I am, other than that I seem to be somewhere in the middle of a forest.

“I know what you are thinking,” a voice says. My eyes fly open, and I see a man sitting next to me with his legs crossed, looking out on a pond. It’s not a real man, but an image – a holographic projection. “It looks like we will both be killed here today.”

“Who are you?” I ask.

He laughs and says, “You may call me the Turtle.”

I know who he is. This is the man they say can save people from death or disease – a man who has lived for millennia. He’s never had to worry about dying before; if he ever felt threatened, he could just make himself invisible and escape. But now that I have seen him, I have a way of getting back at them.

I stand up, ready to go, but the Turtle says: “You won’t be able to find us here.”

“What?” I ask. “Why not?”

“Because we are invisible,” he replies.

That’s when I realize that there is nothing behind me – nothing at all – just an empty space, like the void of a black hole. There was no place for the Turtle to hide before; now they can see him clearly from every angle. I turn around, and he smiles back at me, waving goodbye.

“You don’t have time,” I shout after him as he fades away into the distance. “I won’t let you die!”

As soon as he is gone, my mind begins to clear. My vision comes back slowly; first the trees and then the ground beneath me, and finally my own body. A deep gash on my leg has stopped bleeding, but I can see that it will need stitches. I try to get up, but the pain is too severe, so I lie down again, breathing heavily as I think about what to do next.

The Turtle told me he was invisible – why? Does he want me to find him and kill him? Is there something else going on here? What if it’s all a trick? Whoever shot me could still be watching me from somewhere nearby, waiting for an opportunity to finish the job. I decide that I need to move as soon as possible so that they cannot follow me or attack while I sleep.

I climb up onto a fallen tree trunk and sit there until my leg stops hurting enough for me to stand again. Then I begin walking slowly towards the direction that leads out of this forest, which looks like it goes back into civilization.

As soon as I leave the safety of the woods behind me, however, I hear footsteps coming from behind. The Turtle had warned me about this too; he said they would send their best soldiers after me if I tried to escape. Now, here they come – two men dressed in black armor and carrying swords. They are clearly professional fighters; they don’t even slow down when they see me standing alone in the middle of a field with no one else around for miles.

They stop about twenty feet away from me, their swords ready to strike at any moment. I hold up my hands to show them that I mean them no harm – but it doesn’t work; they just keep coming closer and closer until they are only five feet away. They don’t say anything either; they simply stare at me with cold eyes that seem like ice.

“What do you want?” I ask, trying to stay calm even though my heart is racing. “What have I done wrong? If it’s about the Turtle…”

One of them cuts me off mid-sentence and says: “He is dead.” Then he takes another step forward until his sword blade touches my face – so close that I can feel its warmth against my skin. “And so are you!”

“What?” I ask again, but before I can say anything else the other soldier grabs me by my throat and lifts me up off the ground. The one holding the sword begins to press it harder into my face. I think of how they killed my friend with this same blade just a few minutes ago. My eyes begin to water as I feel my own blood drip down onto his armor – then suddenly he stops moving and drops me like a stone.

When I look up, there is no one else there anymore. They have vanished into thin air! How did they do that? What is going on here? Have the Turtle’s powers made him invincible? Is it true that he has lived for thousands of years and never been killed before? If so…

“Where are you?” I shout out loud, but there is no answer. “Turtle! Where did you go?” But now it doesn’t matter; I can tell from the look on his face that the Turtle has gone back into hiding again and won’t come out until he feels safe enough to do so.

I lie down where I am and try not to move – at least for a little while anyway – because if they find me here again… Well, let’s just say that this is not exactly a place where one would want to be found! So now what? How long can I stay hidden before I have to leave this forest behind?

I guess it depends on how fast they come looking for me… and whether or not they are willing to wait until nightfall. Maybe then, when it gets dark enough, they will stop searching altogether – at least until morning comes back around again! But even if that happens, there are still many hours left until then – more than enough time for them to catch up with me somewhere else along the way…

Maybe I should just give up now? Go home while there’s still some chance of getting away before anything bad happens. And yet somehow it doesn’t seem right; not when things have gone so far already! Besides, wouldn’t giving up now only prove how cowardly I really am? After all these years working towards my goal…

No matter what happens next, though, I know this much: I won’t let anyone stop me from getting revenge on those who killed my friend. No matter how long it takes or what else gets in my way along the way! That promise I made to him will never be broken…

And so with these thoughts running through my head, I start walking again – slowly at first because of all the pain in my leg, but eventually picking up speed until I reach a small village located just outside of town. There are only a few houses here; most people live somewhere else closer to civilization where there are more opportunities for work. This place feels almost deserted compared to what it must have looked like when it was first built centuries ago…

It seems strange that no one lives in this village anymore, especially considering how close it is to the main road leading into town itself – a fact which makes me wonder whether anyone might come looking here for someone like me after all… But then again… Who knows? Maybe they have already given up on searching by now! Either way though, there doesn’t seem to be any reason why anyone should find me here anytime soon…

I decide that this is as good a place as any other where I can wait out the rest of my life – or until something else happens that will make me move again. After all these years working towards achieving my goal, I finally have what it takes to be successful now! And so after making sure everything looks safe enough for me here – which shouldn’t take too long since there aren’t many people around anyway – I start looking around for someplace where I can set up camp until things are quiet enough outside that nobody will bother coming by anymore.