rying not to make a noise or accidentally bump into anything. That ’ s when he would suddenly say that it ’ s time for me to come out. Then I would hop out. I would walk in front of him, while he walked behind me. This was the best time in my life because we went out, and all I had to do was be in the spotlight. But there were times when Maestro ’ s mood was not right. He would then make a hole in the ground and bury me.

I felt scared because I couldn’t see anything but darkness. It was so dark that I didn’t know where he buried me or how many times. After the burial, I had to wait for him to come out and get me. Sometimes, I would be in a hole for days. When he came out, he ’ d say, ” Come, time to perform ”. It was always like this. So after being in a hole for 17 days, Maestro finally comes out and says that it ’ s time for me to come out of the hole.

For You For Only $13.90/page!

order now

I hopped out and immediately got scared. It was so dark; I couldn’t see anything but a white dot in front of me. Suddenly, the dot got bigger and turned into a beam of light. The beam of light pointed at the table and made it stand out. There were other dots too that kept increasing and turning into beams of light. Now I could see that there was an audience sitting on chairs. They were all staring at me; they looked like people who had never seen anything before.

They didn’t know what to do or say. Maestro walked in front of me, and then he made another white dot. The dot became a beam of light which pointed at his violin case. He opened it and took out the violin. Then he sat down on the chair that was already there for him. Maestro started playing the violin slowly while I stayed still behind him. After some time, he stopped playing and started talking to everyone in the audience. “ Ladies and Gentlemen, I ’ ll introduce you to my magical rabbit ”.

Maestro then turned around and pointed at me. Everyone got really excited and started clapping for me. They were so happy that they couldn’t control themselves. Then Maestro said something weird; “ The rabbit has not performed yet, but it is very good looking and has a beautiful voice ”. I felt embarrassed because of this remark from him about how good-looking I am. Maestro then started playing again while I sat still behind him.

I was scared because he was making weird faces while playing the violin; it looked like he was singing along with his instrument. Then suddenly, Maestro stopped playing and pointed at me again, “ Ladies and Gentlemen, may I present you my magically appearing rabbit ”. He took me in his hand and walked towards the audience with me on his palm. He then put me down next to one of the people sitting there; it was a child about six years old or so.

Maestro said something funny again, “ The magic of this rabbit is that it can appear out of thin air when you need it most ”. I didn’t understand what he meant by this but everyone started laughing at his joke. Maestro then continued playing while I stayed still next to the child who was now petting me on my head and rubbing my ears. I felt so happy because someone loved me. Then suddenly, Maestro stopped playing and pointed at me again, “ Ladies and Gentlemen, may I present you my magically appearing rabbit ”. He took me in his hand and walked towards the audience with me on his palm.