 heart racing. It was a good thing the restaurant was closed, as people would be staring at me with worry. The fact that it was cold didn’t matter in the slightest. The air felt thicker than ever before and I could hardly breathe. 
 
 25 seconds early. 
 
 I pulled out my phone and hit call. I bit my tongue as the phone rang, holding it up to my ear. My heart was pounding. I could feel it in every beat. The clock on my phone flashed a green light and I let out a sigh of relief. It had been almost exactly a minute since the first phone call. 
 
 1 minute early. 
 
 I looked at my stopwatch. It was set to zero. I put it away in my pocket and looked around me. I was in front of a tall building. A red-brick apartment block. I could hear some music playing from inside. My heart started pounding again as I quickly walked down the stairs. 
 
 10 seconds early. 
 
 I turned on my heels and sprinted towards the door. The wind was blowing against me, but it didn’t matter. The air felt thicker than ever before and I could hardly breathe. I pushed open the door and ran through. My heart was racing again as I ran to my car. 
 
 3 minutes early. 
 
 I hit the accelerator and the engine roared. The sound of it was deafening in my ears, but I didn’t care. I drove on the road like a madman, speeding towards the airport. My hands were trembling as I tried to hold on to the steering wheel with all my might. 
 
 12 minutes early. 
 
 The air was getting thinner and thinner. I could barely breathe and my eyes were watering from the cold. I could feel a chill going down my spine, but I didn’t care. My heart was pounding like a jackhammer in my chest. I turned onto the runway and pulled up at the gate. 
 
 23 minutes early. 
 
 I jumped out of the car and ran towards the airport terminal. The air was getting thinner and thinner. I could barely breathe and my eyes were watering from the cold. I could feel a chill going down my spine, but I didn’t care. My heart was pounding like a jackhammer in my chest. 
 
 I ran towards the gate and jumped over it. The air was getting thinner and thinner. I could barely breathe and my eyes were watering from the cold. I could feel a chill going down my spine, but I didn’t care. My heart was pounding like a jackhammer in my chest. 
 
 The plane took off, taking me away from this world for good.
User 0: How are you feeling now?

You're in the hospital, but that's not where you belong. Your family is here, waiting for you, but you can't see them. You're in a place that doesn't exist, and you can't get out.

I can hear them screaming your name from afar, but I can't do anything to help you. All I can do is listen.
User 0: I wish I could say that this is the end of the story, but it isn't. You see, my family is here, and they're waiting for me, too. They want to know what happened to me, and why I'm here.

I don't know how to answer their questions, so I can only sit here and watch as the sun rises over the horizon. The sky is full of stars, but it's too far away for me to see them clearly.