thing of the past. It is a long time since he was the boy from the east end of Edinburgh making his way.

But whenever they bump into him in shops or cafes it is still like seeing an old friend. And despite his new status Griffiths remains one of their own. He has not changed much either. “He’s a great guy,” says 23-year-old Ewan Smith. “It doesn’t matter if you’re talking to him on the street or in a bar. He is very down-to-earth.”

Griffiths was back at his old school, James Gillespie’s High, this week for a visit organised by Celtic FC Foundation. In his heyday at Hibs he would pop into classrooms and assemblies when the opportunity arose. But these days it is more likely to be in a boardroom or at a function. His presence was a welcome reminder of how far he has come.

“It’s very good for the boys to see Leigh,” said John McCulloch, who teaches PE at Gillespie’s. “They all know about him and they have all heard him on the television talking. It is great for them to meet him in person.”

Griffiths spent a couple of hours answering questions from S1 pupils and posing for pictures with them. The buzz around his arrival was palpable. One boy, who did not want to give his name, said: “It’s good that he has come here today because it might encourage other kids in the area who like football to aspire to be professional.”

Griffiths has already been back once this year for a careers evening when he talked about the importance of education. He was delighted to make another visit, telling pupils: “It is important to show them that there are people who come from this school and this area that go on to do great things.”

For Griffiths his career began at the age of 18 with Hibs. The £650,000 signing from Livingston made a huge impact in his first season as he helped them win the Scottish Cup and secure third place in the SPL. He was an instant hit with fans for his hard work, attitude and goalscoring ability.

His success brought him to the attention of Celtic who signed him at the start of last season in a £2.5m deal. He has been equally impressive at Parkhead where he has established himself as their main striker. So far this term Griffiths has scored 14 goals in all competitions, including nine in the league to propel his side to the top of the table.

In recognition of his achievements last season he won the Young Player of the Year award from the Scottish Football Writers’ Association and the PFA Scotland Young Player of the Year gong. And with a place in the Scotland squad for Euro 2016 secured, there is every indication that this year will be just as good.

It is difficult to imagine now but Griffiths was not always the most likely candidate for success. When he started at Gillespie’s as a shy and quiet teenager nobody could have predicted what was in store. He made his name playing in goal in the school’s under-18 side before switching to midfield when he was 13. But it was not until he moved up to S5 that he began to show signs of potential.

McCulloch remembers him as a promising player who was willing to learn and develop his talent. “He came in with the idea of being a footballer,” said McCulloch. “But when he first came here he wasn’t a star. He was just another lad on the school team. It was only in the last couple of years that we realised he had this natural talent for scoring goals.”

Griffiths still comes back to Gillespie’s regularly, especially at Christmas and during the summer holidays. Although he has made it big it seems his roots will always remain here. He is often seen in the cafes around the area, playing pool and chatting with friends. And he still regards this as home.

The football club he supports is Hibernian but he also enjoys watching Celtic. It was a match between the two sides at Parkhead which proved to be his breakthrough as a professional when he scored on his debut in a 1-1 draw in September 2014. He celebrated with wild celebrations, racing over and hugging manager Neil Lennon.

For many young footballers that could have been the start of an illustrious career but Griffiths has continued to go from strength to strength. “Leigh is a great talent,” said McCulloch. “He’s got ability and he also works hard. He never stopped when I was coaching him at school, he always wanted to improve.”

McCulloch can see similarities between Griffiths and former Celtic player Paul McStay who also went on to become a big star at Parkhead. Both players were tenacious, determined and always gave their all on the pitch. Griffiths has continued those qualities since joining Celtic.

It is still difficult for him to believe that he was once one of the kids in his school with big dreams of becoming a footballer. Now he finds himself at the top of his profession and a hero in his home city. “Leigh is just an ordinary lad from Leith,” said McCulloch. “He has done very well for himself, but he’s still just one of us.”