rileno mode from his recent success with Real Madrid, the Bayern Munich manager knew how to raise the bar for his new side.

“If we win the league and the Champions League, it will be a perfect season,” he said with a grin. “In terms of expectation, that’s the target.”

Even in a league as unpredictable as the Bundesliga, Ancelotti would have known full well that Bayern Munich were favourites to win their 25th Meisterschale this season. But the Champions League? A perfect season? It was hardly what you would call an understated prediction.

Yet it is a statement of intent, and one which the Bavarians are already living up to. Only six months after their crushing defeat at the hands of Borussia Dortmund, Bayern Munich have once again laid down their marker by beating the current Bundesliga leaders on German soil. And they did so in emphatic style, demolishing Jurgen Klopp’s team 5-0 in an utterly one-sided contest.

It is a victory that puts Bayern Munich firmly in control of the race for this year’s Bundesliga title. No side has ever successfully defended their championship in Germany and, after their performance against Dortmund on Saturday night, it seems unlikely anyone will stop them now.

In fact, just five league games into the campaign, Bayern Munich already look more likely to win a treble of trophies this season than they did last year. And with such a comfortable lead in the Bundesliga table (17 points clear of Dortmund) and a first ever DFB-Pokal triumph on Wednesday night, there is plenty for Bayern Munich fans to smile about right now.

However, if Ancelotti’s prediction of a perfect season is to become reality then his side will need to deliver when it really matters – in Europe. Last year’s Champions League semi-final defeat to Real Madrid was the only blemish on an otherwise outstanding campaign and Bayern Munich have once again been drawn in a tricky group in this season’s competition.

In Group F, the Bavarians face Manchester City, CSKA Moscow and Viktoria Plzen and with each of their opponents looking capable of springing a surprise, there will be no room for error if they are to progress as group winners. The good news for Bayern Munich is that Ancelotti knows exactly what it takes to win the competition (having led both Milan clubs to Champions League success in the past), while his side’s firepower up front – spearheaded by the devastating duo of Robert Lewandowski and Thomas Muller – will surely put fear into their opponents.

If Ancelotti’s words are anything to go by, then Bayern Munich fans can look forward to plenty more success this season. And with such a dominant display against Dortmund in front of over 70,000 ecstatic home supporters on Saturday night, it seems that they will be celebrating long into the night once again come May.