on midway through the first half and then laid on a second goal for Diego Costa to give the Blues the lead they deserved.

The win keeps them top of the Premier League, although Manchester City are now breathing down their necks having beaten Tottenham 4-1 at White Hart Lane earlier on Saturday. So just how did the key men from Chelsea perform against Stoke? Read our player ratings to find out...

Chelsea's Eden Hazard was instrumental in his side's victory over Stoke City

Thibaut Courtois 7/10: Stoke rarely threatened him and when they did, he made some fine saves. He will be disappointed with the goal he conceded from a corner as it was an easy one to get to.

Branislav Ivanovic 6/10: Was beaten by Bojan on several occasions but did enough to stop the Stoke forward causing too many problems.

John Terry 7/10: His reading of the game is still excellent and he kept Jack Butland under close control throughout. He was booked for a late tackle but should probably have been sent off after two incidents.

Gary Cahill 6/10: One or two nervous moments when Bojan got the better of him but never really looked in danger.

Filipe Luis 6/10: Gave away the penalty which allowed Stoke to level the score in the second half and was substituted soon after for Cesar Azpilicueta. He will need to be far more composed against clubs who play with more attacking intent than Mark Hughes' side.

Nemanja Matic 7/10: He is one of the first names on Jose Mourinho's teamsheet at the moment and his performance was as good as ever. Stoke just couldn't get past him or his midfield partner Cesc Fabregas.

Cesc Fabregas 8/10: Was involved in every positive play by Chelsea and scored a wonderful free kick to put the Blues back in front. His passing range is exceptional and he was a joy to watch.

Eden Hazard 9/10: He was instrumental for Chelsea once again, scoring his sixth goal of the season and laying on an assist for Diego Costa as well. When Hazard is in this kind of form Chelsea are very difficult to beat.

Andre Schurrle 6/10: Started brightly but faded as the game progressed. He didn't get into many promising positions but was still one of Chelsea's best players.

Willian 7/10: Was a threat in wide areas all afternoon and provided the assist for Hazard to open the scoring with a neat through ball. He is developing into a very exciting player.

Diego Costa 8/10: Gave Stoke's defenders plenty of problems and was unlucky not to add to his tally of nine goals in the Premier League this season when he hit the bar. He scored Chelsea's second with an easy header.