Brown was forced off in the second half of Sunday’s Heineken Cup defeat by Ulster at The Stoop with what appeared a very serious concussion after being caught by a shoulder to the chin from one of his opposite number’s tackles.

The England international has already missed three months of rugby this season due to a recurrence of the head injury he sustained in September and was ruled out for a further four weeks after sustaining another at Saracens last month.

But O’Shea, who revealed Brown had returned to his own home to recover after being discharged from hospital on Sunday evening, believes there is a growing risk with modern-day rugby.

“It is concerning,” said the Quins director of rugby. “Everybody has an opinion as to why and I am not sure I have got all the answers. It is a game we play very fast in and we get collisions that are high impact. That’s a part of it but whether it is a question of education or the way the game has evolved, it is something we should be looking at.”

Brown was taken to hospital for precautionary checks following Sunday’s 20-10 defeat and was discharged after an initial scan showed no break, though he will remain in the care of Harlequins’ medical staff.

The former England wing Chris Ashton suffered a similar injury when Saracens were beaten at Northampton on Saturday, while Sarries centre Brad Barritt has also been forced out of action with concussion. The Sarries scrum-half Richard Wigglesworth also took an impact blow to his head in the same match and was later taken off, though he did return.

Brown’s injury is likely to keep him sidelined for up to four weeks and, after having already missed seven months of rugby this season due to injury, O’Shea admitted his frustration at yet another setback.

“He is very frustrated,” said O’Shea. “We are just really lucky that he has not had more than two or three concussions because you would be worried about him after the third. He’s a fighter and he will come through it.”

There were positives for Quins, who led 10-3 at half-time before being overrun by an Ulster side that has now won all four of their games in the pool stage this season, but O’Shea remains concerned by his side’s consistency.

“The first-half performance was very good,” he said. “We had a good tempo about our play and we defended really well. We just need to be able to sustain it for 80 minutes because that is what good teams do. Ultimately, if you want to get anywhere near the top end of this competition you have got to make sure you are consistent.”