ers, scientists say that is not likely.

The prints were discovered by amateur palaeontologists who happened upon them while exploring the area. “I’ve been there three or four times already and it’s amazing because every time you go you find something new,” said Fabio Díaz, a Bolivian volunteer for Fundación para la Investigación Paleontológica (FIPA), the paleontological foundation that oversees the excavations. “We found so many tracks there.”

The prints were made by three different kinds of dinosaurs, including large theropods, or carnivores, and sauropods, which are plant-eating giants with long necks and tails. The most common footprints are from sauropods that walked on all fours in the shallow water at the bottom of a riverbed.

The fact that the dinosaur tracks were preserved so perfectly is “astonishing”, said Oliver Rauhut, an associate professor of palaeontology at Ludwig-Maximilians University in Munich. It is uncommon for a surface like this to preserve such clear footprints. The steep slope and angle of the sun probably prevented water from seeping into the rock, so any footprints remained intact.

The trackways are incredibly steep – up to 80 degrees – but that does not mean they were created by dinosaurs that could climb mountains. “I don’t think any dinosaur would have been able to go up a very steep slope,” said Rauhut. “They didn’t have the strength and grip for such steep surfaces.” Instead, he suggested the prints were made on the edge of the riverbed, when the animals wandered down there.

It is difficult to determine the exact age of the footprints, but the researchers believe they are about 200 million years old. “They were probably made by dinosaurs that lived in a warm and humid climate,” said Díaz. They could have been made during the Early Jurassic Period, when the area was covered by water.

The fossil-rich region has been dubbed the Bolivian Jurassic, although it is not yet a UNESCO World Heritage site. The dinosaur footprints are one of many discoveries in the area and researchers say that they expect to make more exciting finds there soon. “This discovery opens up new research opportunities for us,” said Rauhut.