2 goals to set up what would have been his first win since becoming manager of Sampdoria, but a fortunate equaliser from AC Milan spared their blushes in an underwhelming performance for Massimiliano Allegri's men.

Milan started off brightly, and should have taken the lead after only 8 minutes. A perfectly weighted through ball found Pato on the left hand side of goal. The Brazilian managed to beat his marker but his shot was saved by Sampdoria keeper Federico Marchetti. It was a good save from the Italian international, but Pato really should have done better with his effort.

Sampdoria were then gifted an opportunity when a misplaced pass from Ignazio Abate fell to Antonio Cassano inside the box, and the former Milan player made no mistake by smashing it past Amelia. The goal came out of nowhere and it was a disappointing start for the Rossoneri, who had looked in control of the game up until that point.

The away side continued to dominate proceedings after they took the lead, with Marco Borriello being particularly active up front. He forced Amelia into a couple of good saves early on, and was eventually rewarded for his persistence when he scored from close range in the 42nd minute. The Italian had been playing well for quite some time now, but it is a shame that he cannot replicate this form week in and week out.

Milan were clearly lacking creativity going forward at that point, with Robinho being their only real source of threat in attack. He was given too much space at times and created one or two good chances for himself, but his decision making was often poor and he rarely found a teammate with his passes. The Brazilian also failed to create any real goal scoring opportunities for his teammates, and they were extremely wasteful in front of goal during the first half.

The second half started much like the first, with Sampdoria continuing their domination of proceedings. They almost went 3-0 up when Borriello managed to beat Amelia again, but unfortunately for him it was ruled out for offside. It was a close call that could have gone either way, and the away side would have been justified if they had been given the goal.

Sampdoria were now completely in control of the game and it looked like they were going to run out winners. However, Milan suddenly came back into it and created some decent chances in the closing stages of the match. First Pato missed a glorious chance with a header that he really should have done better with, then Zlatan Ibrahimovic somehow managed to hit the post when it looked like he was going to score.

But just as it seemed that Milan were going to concede 3 points, they got one back thanks to an unbelievably fortunate deflection off Nigel de Jong's over headed kick. It was a bizarre goal, but Milan will take it nevertheless. The equaliser gave them hope and they almost grabbed all three points late on when Pato missed a glorious chance in injury time.

It was a frustrating result for Sampdoria, who dominated proceedings throughout the match but failed to convert their chances. They will be disappointed not to have won the game, especially given how well they played. Milan, on the other hand, will be delighted with the point after a poor performance that saw them go behind early on. It wasn't pretty, but they somehow managed to get a result in the end and they can take confidence from that going into their next game against Juventus.