team played with fire in their bellies and it was easy to understand why after their 20-17 defeat at Toulon in the pool stages had been overturned due to an incorrectly awarded penalty try.

In fact, it is more than likely that Wasps would have won that game without the referee’s mistake, so they will be lamenting how another potentially pivotal call went against them at Stade Mayol. Having conceded the opening two tries to Montpellier, Wasps fought back brilliantly and were in touching distance of a quarter-final place when their chances took a severe blow in the 54th minute.

With Wasps having closed the gap to four points after 17 phases of attack inside the Montpellier half, an offside call against Josh Bassett looked like an error by the official, Craig Maxwell-Keys. The New Zealander had blown his whistle as Willie le Roux gathered a high kick from Danny Cipriani and there appeared to be no Montpellier player offside in defence.

Montpellier were given the penalty and kicked for touch rather than attempt another three points, but they still held the upper hand as Wasps were forced back on their line after more phases of attack. However, when Cipriani attempted a cross-field kick towards the Montpellier line, his pass went straight into the hands of Benoît Paillaugue and Maxwell-Keys decided that the Wasps No 10 had made a forward pass.

Replays showed that Cipriani’s pass was actually in the air for some time before being taken by Paillaugue, but no advantage had been played by Wasps and the turnover handed Montpellier the ball on their opponents’ five-metre line. A penalty from Julien Dumora allowed them to extend their lead to nine points with just 20 minutes remaining, but Wasps refused to throw in the towel.

They scored through Alex Rieder and Cipriani brought them within two points of Montpellier with a fine conversion, but they were unable to force a late winning try when the home team held firm on their own line. Young had no complaints about the decision to disallow the Paillaugue try, though.

“The referee said that he gave it on the grounds that we had a lineout in the 22 and then went back onside,” Young told BT Sport afterwards. “I didn’t know what he was talking about because I hadn’t heard him say anything. To be fair to the lads, they fought really hard at the end there and it is frustrating that we couldn’t get over the line.”

The Wasps director of rugby also had no complaints about their overall performance on a day when they were missing key men such as Elliot Daly and James Haskell. “We have played some good rugby against them,” he said. “I think we edged them for most of that game. We didn’t play as well as we did in the first 20 minutes, but we showed some real character to get back into the game.”

Montpellier made a blistering start with tries from Fulgence Ouedraogo and Paillaugue, but Wasps were level after 14 minutes. Paillaugue was penalised for an infringement in a ruck and Cipriani put over the resulting penalty before Daly’s brother, Alex, scored his team’s first try. Montpellier reasserted their control with another Paillaugue try, but Wasps refused to lie down despite their depleted line-up.

“We didn’t have all our front-line players and we were without Haskell as well,” Young said. “Our forwards worked really hard in the scrum and our backs did a great job of putting them under pressure with our kicking game, so I am proud of what they have achieved.”