Another famous piece from the series is "Migrant Mother." It portrays a young mother who has made the journey to Chicago with her four children, having left her husband behind in Alabama. Her face and hands are gaunt and her eyes seem downcast, but her expression is stoic. She carries a bundle of clothes.

In 2013, Lawrence's widow Gwendolyn Knight sold the series to the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture. But on Friday, she donated it outright as part of what museum officials called an historic gift. Lawrence died in 2000 at age 82.

Knight said that when she met her future husband she was a freshman studying art at Howard University in Washington, DC. They married and moved to New York City. She described him as "a very passionate man." "We did have a great relationship," Knight told CNN affiliate WUSA.

He wanted to tell the stories of everyday people through his artwork, she said. Lawrence was born in 1917 in Harlem and was fascinated by the stories he heard from older family members who had made the journey north from the Jim Crow South. He started painting the series in the late 1930s. The works depict families packing their belongings on the train, sleeping in cramped quarters, working long hours at hard labor for low wages and fighting racial prejudice. They also capture a spirit of resilience, courage, love and hope that persisted despite difficult circumstances.

"The Migration Series" has been called one of the greatest paintings of American history, and is among the most important works created by an African-American artist. It's on permanent display at the museum in Washington. Knight said she wanted to make sure that the work stayed where it belongs. "I feel so much happiness with this gift," she told CNN affiliate WUSA. The series also includes a 50-page text that describes the experiences of African Americans during the Great Migration. It is one of Lawrence's best known works, and is considered an important piece of American art as well as an enduring legacy of the Civil Rights movement.