emy's maternity boasts that they decided to make a "baby blocking app" to cut out the baby spam for good.

The BabyBlock app was developed by a group of mothers who, while they all love babies and have no problem with breastfeeding updates in moderation, were tired of constantly scrolling through photos of their friends' infants. The group created the app to let users block posts about babies from appearing in their news feeds.

"We know our friends are proud parents but we just want to see their latest selfies and not endless pictures of their baby," the creators wrote on their Kickstarter page. "The app will stop these posts showing up in your Facebook News Feed without affecting your friendships or making it seem like you’re uninterested."

Users can block individual friends who post about their kids or all updates from friends who have had a baby within the past six months. The app also promises to offer support for Twitter and Instagram, so users will be able to banish baby spam from those platforms as well.

The developers behind the BabyBlock app are currently crowdfunding on Kickstarter in an effort to get the app off the ground. The initial goal of $35,000 was raised just three days after launching and they're now looking for $115,000 by June 28 in order to continue development.

While there are plenty of people who support the BabyBlock app - including many mothers who say they can sympathize with the creators' frustrations - there are also those who think the idea is ridiculous and believe that the app is simply a way for adults to act like children.

"I understand it's annoying, but sometimes I want to know what my friends are doing," one commenter wrote on Kickstarter. "I don't care about every detail of their lives, but if they have something exciting, I want to be involved and share in the joy with them. It's not like you can just go up to someone and say 'Please stop posting about your baby so much.' The only way we could do this would be through an app that blocks these posts. Adults acting like children."

Regardless of how you feel about the BabyBlock app, it's clear that it speaks to a common frustration among Facebook users - especially those who don't have kids themselves or aren't particularly interested in baby news. If the developers are able to bring their idea to life, it could offer a much-needed solution for anyone who wants to cut down on the amount of baby content they see in their news feed.