The officers were forced to step carefully over bodies that blocked hallways as they searched for more victims and tried to determine if the gunman was still inside. The experience left them emotionally drained.

"It's a horrible scene," Sgt. Rick McCoy said on the stand in court. "You're just trying to keep it together."

The officers were called to testify about their response to the deadly shooting that killed 12 and wounded dozens of others inside a movie theater packed with Batman fans. James Holmes has been charged with 165 felonies, including multiple counts of first-degree murder, attempted murder and possessing explosives. He faces life in prison without parole if convicted.

Authorities have said Holmes burst into the midnight showing of the latest Batman movie on July 20 and opened fire with a semiautomatic rifle, a shotgun and a pistol. The gunman, wearing a bullet-proof vest and a gas mask, was arrested outside the theater about an hour later.

Authorities are seeking the death penalty in the case. Holmes' attorneys have said he would plead not guilty by reason of insanity.

McCoy testified that he entered through an exit door near the lobby of the theater and walked down a hallway toward the auditorium where the shooting occurred. He described seeing victims lying on the ground, their arms and legs bent unnaturally in several directions. Some were covered with blood. He saw two people with wounds to their heads. One of them was alive but not responsive. The other appeared to be dead.

McCoy said he heard moaning and crying coming from some of the victims, especially those who had been wounded.

"It's pretty bad," McCoy testified. "You could hear a lot of pain."

Officer James McLelland told jurors he walked down the stairs to the theater after Holmes was arrested. He said he saw bodies covered in blood lying along the walls and in seats. One victim had a gunshot wound to his chest, he said, while another had been shot in the leg.

He said he heard moaning coming from victims in the darkness of the auditorium and struggled to determine whether they were alive or dead. McLelland said he tried to reassure them that help was on the way.

"You're doing good, buddy," he told one. "We'll get you out of here."

He said another victim kept repeating a single word over and over again: "James." McLelland said he thought the victim must have known Holmes, but he wasn't sure. He was able to determine that several victims were from different parts of Colorado.

McLelland told jurors that after he radioed back to headquarters to let them know that the suspect was in custody and no other shooter remained inside, they started bringing victims outside. The officers had to be careful because some of the bodies lay in the path of emergency workers as they carried wounded victims from the theater.

The officers said the smell of blood and gunpowder lingered as they tried to determine if Holmes was still inside the theater. They heard noises coming from the auditorium, including a blaring fire alarm, but could not tell where they were coming from or whether the suspect was trying to hide. They eventually determined that the noise came from a malfunctioning sprinkler system and Holmes had been apprehended outside.

McLelland described the experience as "very emotional." He said he tried not to show his emotions because he needed to remain calm for the victims. He said the sound of police radios and other emergency workers kept him from focusing on his own thoughts.

"When I walked out, you just feel a relief," McLelland said. "But then you're almost brought back to reality."