ensions were running high in Downing Street over George Osborne's plan to cut £10 billion from welfare and public sector pay next year, but insisted he was not concerned by it.

Mr Balls said: "It is very difficult for the Prime Minister when you have a divided Conservative party who are worried about their seats and are putting pressure on him." He then jokingly added: "I hear that the only way to get the Prime Minister to make decisions nowadays is to send him a note saying 'I’m afraid we blew it'. That seems to be the way he makes his decisions now."

Mr Osborne has come under fire for an apparent change in tack on public sector pay. The Chancellor had promised before the election that there would be no overall cuts, and pledged to protect the wages of the lowest paid workers, but he is now suggesting public sector pay could be frozen for up to four years.

Mr Balls told Sky News's Murnaghan programme: "I think the public have seen the Tories as a party that are divided and disunited, with no plan for growth, and I don’t think they want a divided Cabinet making decisions like this about pay freezes." The Chancellor said Labour would oppose any wage freeze in the NHS, which is already facing a £2.5 billion shortfall as it struggles to cope with the increasing demand for care.

He added: "What we are concerned about is that in some other parts of the public sector there’s no suggestion that people who have already seen their pay cut by 10% since this Government came into office, that there should be any protection at all." Shadow work and pensions secretary Rachel Reeves said Mr Osborne's plan would cause "real hardship" for millions of public servants.

She told BBC Radio 4’s World At One programme: “If you think about the impact on nurses, police officers, firefighters, people in our schools, they will have seen their wages fall by between 10 and 20% since 2010. "They are already doing so much more with less. We know that the NHS is facing a £2.5 billion funding gap for this year alone. So we think it’s quite unfair to be asking people who have seen their wages cut and have taken on extra responsibilities to take yet another pay cut.”

Mr Balls has said he expects Labour's shadow cabinet reshuffle, due within the next few weeks, to involve a significant change of personnel. The former schools secretary said: "There will be changes in the shadow cabinet, there always are with new leadership and this is the first time we’ve had an opportunity since Ed Miliband became leader to really put together a team that can go and fight the next election."