sign of the growing appetite for luxury hotels among Qataris, whose country has been transformed by its oil wealth in recent years.

As well as buying into some of London's most iconic hotels, Qataris have also made a series of high profile purchases abroad – most notably buying Paris Saint Germain football club and the legendary Harrods department store. But where are they spending their money? And what makes them so keen on London?

## The Gulf's new-found riches

Qatar is one of the world's richest countries, with per capita GDP of $65,000 (compared to an average of less than $14,000 for Sub-Saharan Africa). This wealth has been generated by gas and oil reserves that are some of the largest in the world – a legacy of its location at the junction between two huge energy corridors: the Gulf and the Levant.

The discovery of these reserves helped Qatar to develop rapidly into an industrial powerhouse. In less than half a century, it has gone from being one of the poorest countries in the region to a regional financial centre that is home to some of the biggest banks and businesses in the world. Today, Qatar's GDP is nearly $100 billion – equivalent to around 8% of Saudi Arabia's.

However, while most Gulf States rely heavily on oil exports for their wealth, Qatar has been quicker than its neighbours to diversify into other industries. This has helped it build a more stable and sustainable economy over time – one that is better able to weather the ups and downs of global energy markets.

As a result, Qatar is now home to some of the most impressive skyscrapers in the world (including the Burj Qatar Tower), state-of-the-art stadiums for hosting major sporting events, and world-class hotels. It also boasts one of the most efficient infrastructure networks in the region, with an excellent transportation system and a wide range of services.

All these factors have helped make Qatar an extremely attractive destination for investment, particularly for luxury hotel brands. Qatari investors are drawn to London by its reputation as a global centre for finance, commerce and culture – making it an ideal place to showcase their wealth and status.