, making it all the more poignant as a decade passes.

The two men are still alive, but their time may be short if Indonesian President Joko Widodo has his way.

In December last year, the pair were given death sentences after being found guilty of conspiracy to smuggle 8.3 kilograms of heroin from Bali to Australia in April 2005. They were arrested with seven others for their involvement. The other six were convicted and sentenced to prison terms ranging from 4-20 years, including the ringleader, who got life imprisonment.

The two face the firing squad, along with nine others, including an Australian woman, after President Widodo announced he would uphold a moratorium on death penalty that had been in place since January 1981. The executions will take place in February.

Sukumaran's partner of four years, Kate, who also lives in Bali and is now pregnant, was with him when he received the death sentence in December last year. She says she was stunned. "I couldn't breathe for about 15 minutes," she said. "The last thing I expected to hear was a death penalty."

Andrew Chan's sister, Michelle, has been fighting for his life ever since her brother was sentenced in April 2006. She too received the shocking news of the sentence last December and immediately took action to try and save her brother's life. "I was devastated and really upset," she said. "I went into a bit of a meltdown for the first couple of days, but then I thought 'Okay, we are going to fight this thing', because Andrew's always fought for his life. He has been such an inspiration that way."

Michelle has since worked tirelessly, organising petitions and rallies, speaking in parliament, lobbying politicians and meeting with members of the Australian public, all while working a full-time job as an accountant. "I've just been trying to save his life," she says.

"I want people to know that Andrew is not a drug dealer. He has made some pretty bad decisions in his life, but he has always fought for redemption. When you are dealing with drugs there is this stigma attached to it -- 'you're a junkie, you've done something wrong', and I really don't believe that is true of Andrew at all."

Michelle says she cannot even imagine what her brother would be feeling right now. "He's still so positive," she said. "I just keep saying to him, 'Andrew we are going to fight this'. We have been trying for eight years to get him out of prison and it looks like there is a bit of hope, but now this. I just don't understand why he is getting the death penalty when the others who were involved got 15, 20 years in jail."

Michelle says she will continue to fight until Andrew is released from his sentence. "I believe we will win this," she said. "There have been so many miracles that have happened for Andrew and I've just seen how he has grown as a person while being inside, and I am very proud of him."

Sukumaran's lawyer, Julian McMahon, is also adamant that Sukumaran does not deserve the death penalty. "He has done more than any other prisoner in Bali to turn his life around," he says. "He has turned his back on drugs and now works hard helping others who are struggling with drug addiction."

"I know he has a real talent for teaching, so I think he will make a very good teacher," Julian added. "And he is such a popular character in the prison, everyone loves him and he brings them all together."

Julian said Sukumaran's time inside had been spent working on art projects with other prisoners and that his artwork was selling for thousands of dollars now, as well as winning many awards. "I have never seen someone so committed to turning their life around," he said. "Myuran really deserves a second chance."

The two families continue to work hard to save the lives of their loved ones but are not sure what lies ahead for them in the next month. Kate, Myuran's partner, says it has been a difficult journey but she remains hopeful. "There is so much uncertainty about what will happen," she said. "They are just holding on and trying to remain positive."

Both families have continued to support Sukumaran and Chan throughout their time in prison and even after they received the death sentence. They both say that it is important for everyone involved to remember who these two men really are. "We need to keep reminding people that these boys, no matter what they did or how stupid they were when they made those decisions, they don't deserve the death penalty," Michelle said. "They have grown and they deserve a second chance."