n January and didn't really want her for the job.

But she was wrong. Psaki, 35, accepted the offer in mid-October to serve as the Obama administration's top communications spokeswoman, and became the face of the White House press office earlier this month when Jay Carney resigned to spend more time with his family.

The White House has been known for its tough press shop. In his 2014 State of the Union address, Obama joked that Psaki's predecessor Carney "is the most patient man in America." Carney, who left a job as a Time magazine columnist to join the administration in January 2009, became famous for his ability to stay calm and on message, despite sometimes scathing questioning from reporters.

Psaki will have a much shorter tenure than her predecessor. She is expected to only serve through Obama's second term because of her pregnancy. The New York City native, who has worked in the White House since 2011 as deputy press secretary and assistant press secretary before that, said she was excited to join the president's inner circle and be part of the team he handpicked for his second term.

"It's an incredible opportunity," Psaki told The Associated Press in a phone interview Friday. "I feel like I know the president pretty well. He's been someone who's been incredibly supportive, helpful to me and been just an example of integrity and hard work throughout my time here."

Psaki said she was surprised by Obama's offer because she thought he wanted McDonough to choose a communications director from outside the administration. But Psaki has known McDonough for years and they're close friends. They met in their 20s when Psaki worked at the Democratic National Committee and McDonough was then-Senator Barack Obama's chief of staff.

"I thought he had gotten my name from someone outside," said Psaki. "But it turns out, it came directly from him, which was incredibly flattering."

McDonough has praised the ability of Psaki and Carney to handle even tough questioning from reporters. The two have taken a more combative approach than their predecessors. McDonough joked that Psaki and Carney are "a tag-team wrestling act, taking on reporters as though it were the WWE."

Psaki has said she doesn't want to become known for being combative, but rather for getting her message across clearly. She said she wants to be direct and honest with the press, while also protecting the president.

She was especially proud of how she handled a question about the botched launch of the healthcare.gov website last fall. Psaki took questions for 50 minutes as she fielded tough criticism from reporters and didn't shy away from answering their concerns.

"The important part is to be honest and direct with them," said Psaki, who added that her previous experience working in Congress has helped her communicate effectively with the press corps. "I think the people here deserve to hear it directly from me and not someone else."