eventh-day Adventist Church Pastor Dave Zahn said his congregation had decided to cancel Pig Wrestlin' because "we don't want to do anything that would cause any animal cruelty or make people think we are doing anything like that." The fundraiser, which raised money for the church and its community-outreach programs, was a longtime staple of the 170-year-old congregation. Pig Wrestlin' involved people who paid to wrestle pigs for two minutes in a mud pit. It drew thousands of spectators each year. Mr Zahn said some people had complained about the event on Facebook, prompting the church to consult with its pastor and board of elders before deciding to cancel it. "We decided this isn't worth the risk anymore," he said. He declined to discuss the specific complaints he had seen or heard, saying: "Some of the things that were posted on social media, I don't even want to talk about." Mr Zahn said that to his knowledge, no pigs were injured during Pig Wrestlin', but added there was a chance that happened. "There are some concerns that it could cause injury and we didn't want to have anything happen to the animals," he said. The annual event was held on private land about 10 miles west of Sheboygan, near Kohler. Mr Zahn said organizers had consulted with a veterinarian from the University of Wisconsin-Madison about the safety of the pigs and their health during Pig Wrestlin'. "In talking to our vet, he said there was really no risk for the pigs," he said. "They were being watched constantly by trained professionals." The cancellation comes amid a growing debate over animal cruelty in Wisconsin, where a law that went into effect last month prohibits a long list of animal abuse including kicking and punching pets, forcing animals to fight or training them for fighting, starving animals for any reason, and transporting an animal in a crate that is too small. The law also outlaws leaving an animal confined in a car on a hot day if the temperature inside the vehicle could endanger its health. Australian Associated Press