aggled mountain hut in Switzerland after an early morning climb.

Jake Shaw, 21, had just started the job of the year at the International Scout centre in Adelboden in the Swiss Alps when he took the fatal fall on Monday morning.

The young man from Esher was staying with a group of around 30 other volunteers who were working as climbing and mountaineering instructors at the centre when tragedy struck .

Jake, who recently graduated with a degree in mechanical engineering from University of Brighton, had been in Switzerland for a few weeks and was training to become an outdoor leader when he fell while descending the 4,092-metre Niesen peak.

He fell more than 18ft onto rocks after he lost his footing near the summit of the mountain .

He sustained head injuries in the fall and despite rescue efforts from paramedics, he was pronounced dead at the scene. The authorities said they believe Jake had been climbing alone when he fell.

The centre released a statement on Tuesday to mourn the loss of one of its volunteers , saying: ‘It is with great sadness that we inform you that Jake Shaw died while descending Niesen on Monday morning. We would like to extend our deepest sympathies and condolences to his family, friends and loved ones.’

Jake’s death has left the community reeling as news of his sudden passing quickly spread online . One woman wrote: ‘I feel so sad at the tragic loss of Jake Shaw. He was so talented, full of energy and such a lovely young man. My thoughts are with his family and friends.’ Another person added: ‘Jake was an amazing, funny guy who I had the pleasure to know through scouting. He will be sorely missed by everyone that knew him.’

The Niesen mountain is famous for its cable car which takes tourists to a viewing platform at the top of the summit . The climb to the peak from the valley below takes around five hours, while it can take just 10 minutes in the cable car.

Jake’s death came just days after a British tourist was killed by falling rocks in the Dolomite mountains of Italy.