their journey at a speed somewhere between 10-20 miles per hour.

Boro may not have been bad, but there was nothing good about their performance either. There wasn’t much in between and so Watford ran away with this one by a very comfortable scoreline.

Aitor Karanka has seen his team lose their last four Premier League games on the road. It’s the first time Boro have ever lost five successive away league games in the top flight and, even more worryingly, the first time they’ve conceded 13 goals in those five matches.

Boro started brightly enough but that soon faded as Watford took control of the game. They dominated from start to finish with their best player Troy Deeney being at the heart of everything good about their performance. He won his headers, he made runs and he showed great strength in both box and midfield.

Boro’s problems defensively have been a topic of conversation since the club returned to the Premier League but they were again exposed against Watford. Their defensive frailties are all too obvious for opponents to exploit as they continue their search for a first clean sheet in over six months. It was an unmitigated disaster for Boro and with 24 goals conceded from nine games so far, it’s little wonder they’re struggling to pick up points.

Karanka made three changes to his starting line-up, as he brought Victor Valdes, Calum Chambers and Gaston Ramirez back into the side at Vicarage Road. Boro’s formation remained 4-2-3-1 with Stewart Downing continuing in his preferred central attacking midfield role, ahead of Adam Clayton and Adam Forshaw.

Watford’s first big chance fell to Troy Deeney who went close from a corner on the quarter hour mark. The ball was whipped into the box and the skipper met it with a looping header that bounced off Valdes’ crossbar. The rebound fell to Jose Holebas whose effort was blocked before being cleared by Ben Gibson.

Boro tried their best to respond but they rarely threatened the Hornets goal in the first half. Chances for Daniel Ayala and Jordan Rhodes were both well overhit while Albert Adomah fired his long range effort wide of Heurelho Gomes’ post. It was all Watford in attack with Valdes making two smart saves to keep Boro in contention.

Watford deservedly took the lead just before half-time after an impressive breakaway move that ended with Andre Gray scoring for the third consecutive game. Deeney played a brilliant through ball that released the forward into space and he kept his composure to slot past Valdes. It was a well taken finish from the striker and it’s no surprise that Watford are starting to thrive under Javi Garcia. They seem to have a much better understanding of their roles which is something Boro clearly need to work on.

Boro tried to step it up in the second half but they struggled to find any fluidity as the Hornets continued to boss proceedings. Adomah had a good chance after great work from Gaston Ramirez and Cristhian Stuani was inches away from converting the cross from close range. It was one of Boro’s only two real chances in an uninspiring second half performance.

Watford eventually sealed victory with 15 minutes remaining when Deeney met a free-kick at the far post and his header found its way into Valdes’ net. The Boro goalkeeper got a hand to it but he was unable to keep it out as Watford ran riot. He did well to stop Stefano Okaka from making it three just before the end after Deeney played him in.

Boro need a miracle if they’re going to survive this season and they’ll be praying for some kind of change soon. The manager may have made one or two changes but not enough. They simply don’t look good enough at this level.