falls on a Saturday or Sunday - a rule which applies to every state and territory except Queensland and Tasmania. It means only NSW and Victoria are having the April 25 public holiday as part of the Anzac weekend this year, while the rest of the country will have to make do with just four days off. A similar pattern is likely to play out again next year when Anzac Day falls on a Sunday. Only South Australia, Western Australia and Queensland will get the day off. Tasmania is also having the public holiday. The lack of an Anzac long weekend has raised the ire of unions and Labor, which have called for states to end the 25-year-old deal. "This agreement between state governments is a cynical cost-cutting measure that puts profits ahead of people," ACTU secretary Sally McManus said on Friday. "State governments should not be in the business of putting profits before people by taking away hard earned public holidays. They should be in the business of making life better for working Australians." The ACTU estimates 95 per cent of Australia's workforce will lose out on a long weekend, as Anzac Day is a common law holiday across the country. South Australian Labor MP Fran Pepper said the state government needed to break the agreement. "This deal that our state has made with other states to save money for corporations and businesses is one that we need to walk away from," Ms Pepper said. "It means thousands of workers in this state will not get a public holiday this year." But the federal opposition has also slammed Labor-run state governments over the issue, calling on them to end the deal immediately. "It's time for Dan Andrews and Mark McGowan to tear up their agreement with other states," Labor frontbencher Chris Bowen said in a statement. The deal was reached under the Council of Australian Governments - which consisted of federal, state and territory governments when it met in 1993. It requires all parties to adhere to a public holiday formula for Anzac Day. "Under this formula, Anzac Day is not gazetted as a public holiday when it occurs on a Saturday or Sunday," a spokesperson from the Department of Veterans' Affairs said. Anzac Day falls on a Saturday in 2017 and 2019, while next year it will fall on a Sunday. Australian Associated Press