Junction state prison in Massachusetts.

The former New England Patriots star faces a minimum of five years behind bars for murder and is expected to serve 25 years after being found guilty last week. Hernandez, who was already serving a life sentence for a 2013 double murder, will be known as Prisoner W106228, according to the Massachusetts Department of Corrections.

The 27-year-old, who was drafted by the Patriots in the fourth round of the 2010 NFL Draft after a stellar college career at Florida, was found guilty Friday night for the shooting death of Odin Lloyd last June. It took only five hours for a Massachusetts jury to convict the star tight end on first degree murder and gun charges in the slaying of his friend.

Aaron Hernandez is now Prisoner W106228

Hernandez was convicted by a unanimous vote of 12 jurors, who deliberated for less than five hours before deciding that he killed Lloyd, an aspiring semi-professional football player. The decision came after prosecutors presented evidence that Hernandez shot the victim multiple times at point-blank range in an industrial park near his home last June.

The Patriots star has been behind bars since September 2013 when he was indicted for a double murder from July of the same year, but Friday's guilty verdict will mean that Hernandez will spend the rest of his life incarcerated. He was facing life in prison without the possibility of parole if convicted.

Jurors agreed that Hernandez killed Lloyd because he felt he had been disrespected by the victim. Prosecutors argued that Hernandez shot Lloyd - who was dating his fiancée's sister - shortly after 3am on June 17, 2013, after a night of partying at a bar. They said that Hernandez became jealous and felt disrespected when he discovered that Lloyd had been with the sister.

Aaron Hernandez was convicted of murder by a unanimous vote on Friday

Hernandez then drove Lloyd to the industrial park in his silver Hummer H2 sport utility vehicle, prosecutors alleged. Once there, he ordered his friends Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz to pull over so that he could confront Lloyd alone. Hernandez then shot the victim five times at point-blank range.

The NFL star later led them back to his home in North Attleboro, where he showed them a bag that contained his .45 caliber Glock handgun and instructed them to dispose of it, according to prosecutors. Wallace pleaded guilty to being an accessory after the fact for his role in covering up the crime. Ortiz is currently awaiting trial on charges of criminal contempt and perjury.