altreatment for allowing their kids, 10-year-old Rafi and 6-year-old Dvora, to walk home unsupervised from a park in Silver Spring on Sunday afternoon.

"I believe we will be filing a lawsuit," Danielle Meitiv told The Huffington Post on Monday. "The government has no business telling me what kind of parent I am."

The family was previously investigated by police and child protective services for letting their children walk home from the park unaccompanied in December 2014, and again in February this year. Both times, the children were found to be perfectly safe. Last week, the couple filed a lawsuit against the Montgomery County school district for citing maltreatment based on the incident.

On Sunday, after having spent two hours at a park with their three other children, Danielle Meitiv decided to send Rafi and Dvora back home on foot instead of in a car. As she drove them to their destination, she noticed they were walking down the sidewalk slowly, and when they arrived at home, they found police waiting for them. They were questioned by officers and then taken to a police station with their mother.

"They put us all in handcuffs," said Danielle Meitiv. "The kids were terrified."

After being held for an hour and a half and grilled by child protective services, the children were released into their parents' custody but warned not to walk home alone again. According to Montgomery County police spokesman Rick Goodale, officers only intervened after receiving reports from passersby who were concerned about the children’s welfare.

"We don't want children walking alone and unsupervised," Goodale told HuffPost. "They may not be in any immediate danger at the time but we still need to make sure that they're going home safely."

For Meitiv, the incident was a clear indication that government officials were meddling in her family life. As a self-proclaimed free-range parent, she believes children should have as much independence and freedom as possible. She wants her kids to be allowed to walk around their neighborhood without fear of being detained by police or child services.

"They're not harming anyone," Meitiv said. "This is not abuse. This is just normal parenting."