iled us with their adorable antics as they sit in on ceremonies and wave from balconies. And since the birth of Prince George, they've gained a whole new set of admirers. So who are these little people? Let's meet them!

The next generation of royal children will grow up with a special responsibility—to be shining examples to their future subjects. As heirs to the throne, the three Cambridge children are being prepared for that role by parents Will and Kate, but they also have another important task: keep us all smiling. They do it so well!

George Alexander Louis

Born 2013

Age: Almost 4 years old

The eldest of Prince William and Duchess Catherine's three children has taken to his royal duties with gusto, charming crowds on public outings. He was the first grandchild for William and Kate, and when he came into their lives, it certainly changed everything for them. They have both been candid about how much love they have for him—and how parenthood is a learning curve for both of them.

"It's the biggest life-changing moment, it really is," Prince William has said, speaking to CNN in 2013 after George was born. "I think any parent will say your life changes when you become a parent. There are highs, there are lows, there's crying—there's laughter and everything else. So it's just an incredible journey."

In recent years, we've seen George growing into quite the little royal. He's already mastered the art of waving to crowds from balconies (like he did at this year's Trooping the Colour), he's charming at official engagements, and he's very close to his parents. The way that he adores them is so touching—he clearly loves and admires them both with all his heart!

Princess Charlotte Elizabeth Diana

Born 2015

Age: Almost 3 years old

Prince George has a little sister to play with now, thanks to the arrival of Princess Charlotte. She was born in May 2015, and she's grown into quite the little character since then! Like her older brother, Princess Charlotte is charming and cheeky—she clearly loves playing pranks on both her parents (who seem to take it all in their stride).

She also shares George's love of waving at crowds. And like her mom Kate, she has a fashionable streak. When the family went on tour to Canada last year, Princess Charlotte stole everyone's hearts with her adorable outfits. She definitely knows how to make an entrance!

Prince Louis Arthur Charles

Born 2018

Age: Almost 11 months old

The newest addition to the royal family is Prince Louis, born in April this year. He's the youngest of Will and Kate's children—and he's already won everyone over with his irresistible grin. We've seen glimpses of him when he was just a few days old at Trooping the Colour, and since then it seems like he has grown so much. He's currently learning to crawl, which means he'll be on the move in no time!

Prince Louis will grow up surrounded by love and attention—and lots of royal duties too. Just like his older siblings George and Charlotte, we can expect him to take after them both in personality and style as well. We have a feeling he's going to be quite a character just like they are!