19-year-old self could not have imagined this outcome.

After traveling in a rubber boat for hours in the Mediterranean sea, we arrived on the shores of Italy in November 2014. After months of trying to reach Europe from war-torn Syria, I had made it — barely.

It was one of the toughest experiences of my life. It still haunts me today. We were overcrowded and there was a risk of drowning. But we managed to stay alive thanks to the help of Italian authorities who took us to a refugee camp on Lampedusa island after our rescue.

We spent almost two months in the camp before being granted asylum in Italy, which is where I still live today. When I arrived, I was alone — my parents and sister are now living in Germany. But it wasn’t long before I started feeling at home here. That’s because of the Italian people I met in the refugee camp and those who helped us rebuild our lives when we moved to a bigger city.

When I arrived, I had very little — no money or clothes or belongings. But the people around me were generous with their time, their hearts and their resources. They were welcoming and kind. When they learned that we were Muslim and from Syria, they didn’t treat us any differently to how they would anyone else. That was one of the first lessons I learned — the people I met in Italy made me feel that we had something in common despite our different backgrounds.

I’ve never been ashamed of where I come from or of my culture and traditions. But when I arrived, it felt like some people were prejudiced against me because of my background. That was hard for me to deal with at first. People would ask me why I didn’t want to eat pork — as if I could change who I am just because they don’t agree with it. I found that frustrating and upsetting.

But soon I realized that I couldn’t let their narrow-mindedness bring me down. Instead, I decided to be an example of what is best about my culture. I wanted to show people that we are not all bad because of what the media says. That we are kind and loving, like anyone else.

I think that by being open about my background and beliefs, I was able to win some people over who had previously been skeptical or scared of me. It allowed us to have meaningful conversations about our differences — which is something I believe is so important in a world where there is too much division and hatred.

I hope that by sharing my story, I can help change the perception of refugees. Many people have a negative view of them based on what they see in the media. But they are not just statistics or numbers — they are people with hopes and dreams like anyone else. They deserve a chance at a better life just like we all do.