The state and federal governments are preparing to prosecute as many as 50 farming operations that illegally siphon off water from rivers, canals and sloughs that flow into the delta. The thefts amount to more than a million gallons of water a day and have reduced flows into the Sacramento River by almost half, federal officials say.

Investigators are focusing on rice, almond, tomato and strawberry growers who pump groundwater illegally from rivers and drainage channels that flow into the delta, according to the California Department of Fish and Wildlife and other state agencies. The diversions threaten the survival of fish species in the estuary, which has been listed as a “critically impaired” ecosystem under federal law for decades.

The Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta provides drinking water for 25 million Californians and irrigation for farmers throughout the state’s Central Valley. The region has suffered severe drought conditions for months, forcing regulators to cut back supplies of water to urban residents and agricultural fields.

But even as California grapples with water shortages, some growers have continued to illegally siphon off water from rivers, canals and sloughs that flow into the delta, officials say. The thefts have reduced flows into the Sacramento River by almost half since 2013, according to federal investigators.

“There’s a tremendous amount of groundwater pumping going on illegally,” said Scott Bauer, assistant special agent in charge for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, which has partnered with other agencies to crack down on illegal water diversions in the delta. “The delta is getting stressed from over-pumping.”

Since 2013, the federal agency has received more than 60 complaints about illegal water diversion in the delta and has been involved in criminal cases against at least five farmers there, Bauer said. Investigators are probing an additional 50 suspected diversions involving farms that have illegally pumped groundwater from rivers, canals and sloughs flowing into the delta, Bauer said.

The illegal diversions are costing farmers who abide by water laws tens of thousands of dollars in lost revenue each year because they’re not getting their full share of water from the state and federal water projects, said David Guyton, a deputy with the California Department of Fish and Wildlife, which has joined forces with other agencies to crack down on illegal diversions.

“We have growers who are complying with the law and losing money as a result of someone else pumping illegally,” Guyton said. “That is really unfair.”

Federal investigators say they are working closely with California’s agricultural industry to halt illegal water diversions while trying not to shut off water supplies that farmers depend on for their livelihoods, Bauer said. Many of the farmers who steal water do so because they fear that if they don’t take what they can when they can, they won’t have enough water during periods of drought, he added.

“We’re not out to punish farmers or shut off their water,” Bauer said. “We want them to comply with the law so there is more water for everyone.”