on from their divorce, Diana's reputation has undergone a remarkable turnaround.

Today it seems that most Britons regard her with affection and respect rather than resentment and envy, and it is unlikely anyone will ever forget the touching tributes paid to the Princess in the days following her untimely death.

But it wasn't always so. During the years of her turbulent marriage and later as a single woman, Diana was almost universally condemned for the way she used her celebrity status and for living a life most ordinary people could only dream of. The fact that she chose to speak out openly about issues such as Aids and the plight of homeless children made little difference: in the eyes of many Britons, she had become a spoilt and self-indulgent show off who was guilty of betraying her husband and bringing shame on his family.

When the couple divorced in 1996, Diana received a lukewarm response from the public, with only one out of three people saying they approved of their split, according to an opinion poll at the time. In fact, just over half of those questioned thought she should have stuck it out for the sake of the royal family.

There were also suggestions that Diana had been behind the break-up, with many believing that she was a scheming and manipulative woman who had used her sexuality to seduce men such as her former bodyguard James Gilbey, pop singer Elton John and Dodi Fayed. Even Charles was not immune from such attacks, with some people accusing him of failing in his duties as husband and father for refusing to stand by his wife during their troubled marriage.

But slowly the mood began to change. Within a few months of her death, the public mood had completely altered: an overwhelming majority of people said they approved of Diana's decision to end her marriage, with almost three out of four believing that it was inevitable that she should leave Charles. Even more startling was the fact that most people blamed him for their split and felt sorry for his wife because he was so "stupid".

Since then, there has been a gradual rehabilitation of Diana's image which has reached a peak with the release of the new film, The Queen. In it, Helen Mirren plays the part of Elizabeth II as she struggles to come to terms with the death of her popular granddaughter-in-law and the way in which it affects not only the royal family but the country as a whole.

It is almost impossible to imagine any film being made about Charles or Camilla that would evoke such sympathy for them, but this one has had an extraordinary effect on viewers, who are now much more likely to forgive Diana's mistakes and appreciate her warmth, charm and compassion.