iley, 14, suffered fatal head injuries in a crash on the A58 at Pudsey.

Tariq Mehmood, then aged 25, of Branwell Avenue, Bradford, was sentenced to life imprisonment after being found guilty of causing death by dangerous driving. The court heard Liberty and her mother were walking along the road when she was hit by his Volkswagen Golf as he attempted an overtaking manoeuvre on a bend.

As the driver, 30-year-old Shazia Bailey, ran back to her daughter’s side Mehmood got out of his car and asked ‘how are you? How are you?’ She replied: ‘How do you think I am? My daughter is dead’. After being convicted in January Mehmood was also jailed for six years for causing serious injury by dangerous driving following a second crash which saw a woman seriously injured.

Yesterday, as he sentenced Mehmood, Judge John Potter QC told the defendant: ‘Liberty Bailey is dead because of your selfish and reckless driving that day. ‘You took her life and her family’s lives with it.’ Liberty’s mother was at the hearing in Bradford Crown Court to see Mehmood given a life sentence for killing the teenager.

The judge said: ‘I do not need to describe what a terrible impact this event has had on Mrs Bailey. She was present when her daughter died and saw her daughter suffer terribly.’ The court heard how Mrs Bailey suffered flashbacks of her daughter’s injuries and dark thoughts about killing herself at the scene of the accident.

Judge Potter said: ‘Her own mental health deteriorated. She had to be sectioned under the Mental Health Act on two occasions. She has still not recovered.’ The judge described Liberty as a ‘bright, bubbly teenager who was popular with her peers’. He added: ‘She was a joy to be around and very much loved by all those who knew her.’

Mehmood was banned from driving for 14 years following the crash in which Liberty died on March 25 last year. Judge Potter described his ‘persistent pattern of offending’ and said he had ‘shown little or no remorse’ since he had been first caught driving over the speed limit when he was 17 years old.

Mehmood will serve a minimum of six years before being eligible for parole. In a victim impact statement read out in court Liberty’s father, David Bailey, described his daughter as ‘a bright and bubbly child who loved life’. He said: ‘She was always smiling and had the most infectious laugh. She never had a bad word to say about anyone.’

Mr Bailey added that since the crash he has suffered ‘terrible nightmares’ and been left ‘lost and confused’. The court heard Liberty’s older sister, 17-year-old Sophia, said she missed her little sister every day. She described her as ‘so kind, loving and caring with a very generous personality.’