The lawsuit filed by attorneys representing Matthew Pincus, who has been outspoken on college campuses about his expulsion, accuses GMU of violating his First Amendment rights and due process protections as well as the Virginia Constitution. The suit alleges that the university’s handling of sexual misconduct was “tainted with bias, prejudice, and discrimination” against males.

The university responded that it had to expel Pincus for “unequivocally violating a policy that is designed to promote an environment where students can pursue their education free from violence and harassment.”

“The university’s actions in this case are consistent with its obligations under state and federal law, including the Clery Act,” GMU said in a statement. The act requires universities to provide annual disclosure of campus crime statistics and security information. “We will vigorously defend our policies and practices.”

Pincus was expelled after he took a then-girlfriend back to his dorm room on Sept. 29, 2015, for sexual role play that included spanking and choking. The woman later accused Pincus of sexually assaulting her after she had passed out from alcohol consumption and that he should be punished as a repeat offender.

The lawsuit says the student was never given any notice about being labeled a “repeat” sexual offender before GMU expelled him on Dec. 7, 2016. It accuses the school of using the label as an excuse to expel him for something that should have been punished through other disciplinary actions.

“This is a case where the university has completely abdicated its responsibility to investigate and adjudicate fairly,” said K. Creighton Manning, Pincus’s lawyer. “It seems like they had a predetermined outcome.”

Pincus was ordered to stay away from his accuser for six years after she reported the encounter as sexual assault. The university also mandated that he undergo an evaluation for possible treatment of alcohol abuse and domestic violence. He has since moved out of state to pursue a graduate degree, his lawyers said.

GMU has faced criticism over how it handles claims of sexual misconduct. In December 2016, the university changed its policy after U.S. Education Department officials determined that the university was not adequately investigating allegations. The department ordered GMU to review all cases since August 2014, when the policy took effect, to determine whether students were denied due process.