oyant. He has a game that is so entertaining to watch but also one that is infuriating as he appears to play within himself, only when he feels like it. It is this that made today’s win over Tommy Haas all the more satisfying for his legion of fans who love watching him play.

Gael Monfils v Tommy Haas [Q] – Highlights

The world number 18 took to court against a player, who at the age of 37 and ranked number 50 in the world, he really should beat with ease. But if you have seen Monfils play, you will know that the Frenchman can be his own worst enemy when it comes to playing up to his full potential.

This was very much the case against Haas as the match progressed with Monfils squandering a 6-3 lead in the opening set and then taking control of the second set after going down an early break. He finally wrapped the match up in straight sets, winning 7-5, 6-2 to reach the quarter-finals at Indian Wells for just the third time.

This is Monfils’ best run in California since he reached the final back in 2014. However, he has not yet reached the last eight in any of his other Masters events this year, only reaching the fourth round at Cincinnati and Miami. This will be a good opportunity for him to make some further progress here and keep building up his confidence for the upcoming French Open in May.

Monfils is the kind of player that could have the potential to win any Grand Slam title when he gets himself focused and playing to his full potential. At the age of 32, he has the experience now to go on a deep run at Roland Garros this year as well as Wimbledon later in the summer.

There is no denying that Monfils could be a force on the tour but it will all depend on how focused and driven he is to continue to improve. The Frenchman has shown flashes of greatness over his career with some very impressive performances, including beating Roger Federer twice at the US Open. If he can find a way to keep himself motivated and consistently playing like this then there is no telling just what he could achieve in 2018 and beyond.