Grazia, 23, was last seen at her home in Brentwood, Essex, on Tuesday morning but failed to arrive for work later that day.

Her family raised the alarm when they failed to hear from her, and her phone has now been traced to the nearby flat of 51-year-old Arthur Collins. He was arrested by officers from the Metropolitan Police’s Homicide and Major Crime Command on Tuesday night (April 2) in relation to Adriana’s disappearance and remains in custody at a police station in east London.

The force has also said it will be investigating the circumstances behind the deaths of four people whose bodies were found at two properties near to Arthur Collins’ flat over the past year. Detective Superintendent Nick Downing, who is leading the investigation into Adriana’s disappearance, said: “It would appear that there may have been a connection between Arthur Collins and these three individuals and we will be investigating their deaths as part of our inquiry.”

The four people whose deaths are being re-examined are 48-year-old Michael Gregsten, who was found dead in his flat at an address on North Street, Brentwood, on Sunday, April 26; 39-year-old Mark Graziano, who was discovered dead in the flat next door to Collins’ address on Friday May 15; and 40-year-old Lee Pomeroy, whose body was found inside a car in West Horsley, Surrey, on Sunday June 28.

A fourth death – that of 23-year-old Liam Shepherd, who was discovered dead in his flat in Brentwood on August 15 – has also been brought into the investigation by detectives. Detective Superintendent Downing said: “It is far too early to speculate on any link between this disappearance and these deaths but we will be treating Adriana’s disappearance as a potential murder enquiry until we know for certain otherwise.”

Adriana, who worked at a local hairdressers, was last seen outside her home on Tuesday. The father of one of her friends told the Brentwood Gazette that she had been talking to a man and walking with him down the road before they parted ways near an Asda supermarket in the town. He said: “She told me she was going to meet some friends for breakfast but her mum and dad are very worried because she has not answered their calls since 10am.”