…

He was impressively polite and bright in the eyes of his boyhood teachers, an encourager of his college friends. He was a docile captured killer in the care of paramedics tending to his gunshot wounds after he slaughtered 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School.

And in court appearances since, Nikolas Cruz has come across as mild-mannered and humble, even polite. But on Thursday, his lawyer asked a judge for permission to put him through psychiatric testing to evaluate whether he’s competent to stand trial for the massacre.

It was an indication that Cruz is struggling to keep his sanity amid the trauma of the shooting and the legal proceedings that have followed.

The defense did not offer any specifics on why they believe Cruz needs a mental examination, but said it was prompted by “recent events.”

“At this point in time … we have concerns regarding Mr. Cruz’s capacity,” public defender Melisa McNeill said at the hearing in Fort Lauderdale. She did not elaborate.

Cruz’s lawyer also asked for a hearing to determine whether the case should be transferred to adult court from the juvenile system, saying Cruz is old enough now that he can be tried as an adult and the law allows him to do so.

The hearing was scheduled for May 31. If his request goes through, he could face the death penalty or life in prison if convicted. He had previously entered a plea of not guilty to the charges.

### Cruz’s mental health in question

McNeill also asked the judge on Thursday to seal some of the court records related to Cruz and the shooting, saying his mental state could be “compromised” by having access to such information. It’s an indication that Cruz’s lawyers are concerned about him being overwhelmed or traumatized.

Cruz’s lawyers have raised questions about their client’s competency before. They previously asked the court for permission to conduct mental health evaluations to determine his fitness to stand trial and his understanding of the charges against him.

Last year, Broward County Circuit Court Judge Elizabeth Scherer granted a motion by Cruz’s defense team to have the 19-year-old evaluated at a state psychiatric hospital for six weeks.

Afterward, psychiatrists said he has a “severe mental illness” and that it would be unlikely he could ever be fit to stand trial. They also said there was an increased risk of violence if Cruz were released from the secure facility where he is being held.

But Scherer ruled in February that Cruz had enough mental capacity for his case to proceed. She called him competent and said he understands what’s happening around him.