40% were able to get through to an agent when they called the IRS, down from 85 percent in 2010.

As a result, taxpayers increasingly turned to IRS' website for answers. The agency said that during the most recent filing season it had 287 million visits to its web pages and answered 56 million electronic queries through its online services.

Now Congress is considering increasing funding for the IRS. Representative Charles B. Rangel (D-NY) introduced a bill that would provide $13 billion in additional funding, with roughly half of it going toward hiring more enforcement agents to pursue tax cheats. The other half will go to modernizing its antiquated technology and improving taxpayer services.

Representative Dave Camp, (R-MI), the Chairman of the Ways and Means committee has not endorsed Rep. Rangel's bill, but he says that more funding is necessary for the IRS. "There are some areas where we can find efficiencies, such as IT, that would help them do their job more effectively," said a spokesman for Camp. But it appears likely that more money will be appropriated to the agency.

The IRS budget has declined from $12.6 billion in 2010 to $11.3 billion in fiscal year 2014, resulting in staff cuts of about 17,000 employees over the past four years. In fact, for every 100 taxpayers served, IRS now employs just one full-time employee, down from two during the Clinton administration. The agency projects it will be even more understaffed in the coming fiscal year.

Despite this, there has been a steady increase in the number of Americans who call the IRS for help. This past filing season 67 million taxpayers called for assistance - an increase of almost 20% over the last four years. The IRS is also facing a growing backlog of unanswered emails and faxes, which has increased from 516,000 in March 2013 to more than 896,000 as of April 2014.

To try and make things easier for taxpayers, the IRS has rolled out its "Where's My Refund?" app to help track returns. It also launched a new version of its IRS2Go mobile phone application that includes expanded functions such as the ability to pay your taxes online using a credit card, debit card or an electronic check.

But Congress will still need to provide more funding for the IRS if it is going to be able to effectively serve taxpayers and enforce tax laws. "It's not just about making sure that Americans are paying their fair share," said Senator Max Baucus (D-MT), Chairman of the Senate Finance Committee. "It's also about ensuring that everyone plays by the same rules."