out for the two Australians who will be put to death on Indonesia’s firing squad tomorrow. The pair had their last pleas for clemency rejected by Indonesian president Joko Widodo.

Andrew Chan, 31 and Myruan Sukumaran, 48 were part of a drug syndicate that was behind the trafficking of methamphetamine and heroin to Australia, Indonesia and Malaysia. Both men were convicted under Indonesia’s strict drug laws which carry the death penalty for possession of more than 5 grams of heroine or 1 gram of crystal methamphetamine.

Since 2008, both men have been incarcerated in Kerobokan prison on Bali. Both men have received religious guidance and have become devoted Christians who are believed to be rehabilitated. They were hoping for a pardon from the Indonesian president however their appeals were unsuccessful.

The pair had asked to meet with Joko Widodo in person but he declined to see them. Instead he chose to meet with the victim’s relatives and explained why he would not be granting clemency to either of them. He believed that clemency would send a bad message out about Indonesia, especially with regards to its strict drug laws.

Andrew Chan has been in regular correspondence with his family who have campaigned for leniency for both him and Myruan Sukumaran. His mother, 66 year old Janet Chan was recently interviewed by Channel 9 news and expressed her hope that Indonesian president would show mercy to her son.

“My message to the President of Indonesia is please consider my boy, he’s a changed person,” she said.

“I know he will be shot dead in the morning. It doesn’t even sink in, it doesn’t seem real.”

Despite pleas from Australia, Indonesia has refused to spare both men. The Foreign Minister Julie Bishop spoke about her concerns that executing the men would do little to help Indonesia’s image. She said that the Indonesian president was acting like a dictator and urged him to reconsider his decision.

“It will have a devastating impact on Australia-Indonesia relations for some time,” she told reporters in Sydney. “We need to make clear to Indonesia that capital punishment is not an effective deterrent, that it does not prevent drug crime, and that it only brings shame upon those countries who use the death penalty.”

In a statement issued by Prime Minister Tony Abbott’s office, he expressed his deep disappointment in the way that Indonesian President Joko Widodo has handled the issue. He also said that while the Australian government will continue to work with Indonesia to help the families of Andrew Chan and Myruan Sukumaran, it was extremely disappointed with the decision by the Indonesian president not to show them compassion and mercy.

Both men had one final meeting with their lawyers in which they were informed that their appeals had been rejected and that their execution would go ahead as planned tomorrow morning. Both men showed strength throughout this ordeal, remaining optimistic despite knowing that their lives would soon be at an end. They have expressed a sense of peace and acceptance and are ready to meet their maker.