­ed William McAlpine, 27, was grilled for several hours by detectives investigating the suspected kidnap of Suzanne Pilley.

The son of Lord McAlpine is being held on suspicion of abducting the waitress after she failed to return home from a night out with her friends in Edinburgh on Friday.

A source close to the investigation told The Sunday Mirror that police are concerned she may have been taken across the border into England, where William lives with his mother Lady McAlpine at their £5 million mansion in Wiltshire.

Detectives fear the young woman's disappearance is linked to her job as a waitress at a city centre nightspot popular with footballers from nearby Hibernian FC and Celtic, as well as stars from soap operas and reality TV.

Police sources believe she was targeted by a "high-profile" suspect after a night out drinking with pals at the Gorgie Rooms club, near Murrayfield stadium in Edinburgh.

McAlpine is said to have been seen with Suzanne in the club on Friday. He then travelled to London and caught an early morning flight from Heathrow Airport to Dubai.

After the flight landed he was met by plainclothes police officers, who took him for questioning at Edinburgh's Waverley Station on Saturday evening. He was quizzed for several hours before being released without charge and was ordered to report back to a local police station later today.

Suzanne, 32, lives alone in an apartment in the centre of Scotland's capital after splitting up with her boyfriend two months ago. She has been described as a "lovely, popular girl" who is well-known to the city's nightclubs and regularly worked at the Gorgie Rooms.

But she was last seen by family members when she went out for drinks with friends on Friday night. The following morning she did not return home from her night out and was reported missing by police at 7pm yesterday.

Suzanne's worried parents, Colin and Susan, said they had not heard from her since she left their Edinburgh home to go out on Friday. They appealed for anyone who may have seen her or knows of her whereabouts to contact the police.

Her father said: "We are obviously concerned as she has not been in touch and we just want to find out what has happened to her. She is a lovely girl with a lot of friends." Her mother added: "She was last seen leaving my house on Friday night. We know she was out with some friends but that is all we know at the moment."

Lord McAlpine, the Conservative Party donor who resigned from the House of Lords after false allegations he abused boys in North Wales children's homes, has issued a statement saying his son William is co-operating fully with police. He added: "He was at a function in Edinburgh on Friday night and left early. As he left he saw Suzanne Pilley and talked to her briefly.

"Afterwards he went home to stay with friends but did not see Suzanne again that evening. On Saturday morning he flew to Dubai. Since returning to the UK he has been interviewed by police who are investigating this matter."