The video obtained by MailOnline shows how a large group of men worked systematically on opening vaults and safe deposit boxes using hydraulic equipment, which was then transported back to the van outside.

One man is seen carrying a large box down from one of the upper floors while another man carries an empty box up. They are both wearing gloves in case they left fingerprints.

The alarm system installed in the premises was turned off before the heist took place, it has now emerged - despite warnings about it being vulnerable to tampering.

Police sources believe the criminals managed to access a fuse box and turn off the alarm remotely. It means they had a huge window of time to commit the crime undetected.

The break-in was first detected by an alarm system in the basement of Hatton Garden Safe Deposit, which went off just before midnight on Sunday April 5.

However, officers failed to respond for over two hours and did not arrive until after 2am, despite the call being categorised as ‘urgent’. Police say there was no reason for this delay.

The CCTV footage shows a man entering the vaults at 1.39am on April 6 - around an hour after the alarm went off - and working alone at first before other members of the gang join him.

The robbers then returned to the scene twice more that night, as well as at 2pm the following day, to continue their crime and make off with a total haul of £14million in valuables.

There were also attempts by the gang to access a further six safe deposit boxes on Thursday April 9 - suggesting they hoped to return for a fourth time to steal more from them.

It is believed the burglars made their getaway using a van, which was found abandoned near the scene with tools that had been used during the break-in.

A source close to the investigation told MailOnline: ‘This was an extremely audacious crime because they were able to get back in and out of the premises three times after the first alarm went off.

‘They were also able to disarm and bypass the alarm system - which raises some serious questions about whether it should have been installed in the first place. The thieves must have had inside information.’

The source added: ‘It is unclear at this stage what was taken because we do not know what the victims kept inside their safety deposit boxes, but there could be a lot more stolen than just jewellery - cash and gold would also have been targeted. This haul will be worth millions of pounds.’

Detectives have now launched an investigation into why police took so long to respond to the alarm on Sunday April 5. It is understood that the alarm was triggered at around 11.20pm by a motion sensor inside the basement vaults and alerted a private company who monitor the premises. They then called the Metropolitan Police, who were tasked with going to investigate.

The police say it took them an hour and a half to reach the scene - but they say this was not for any reason other than there being no cars available at that time of night.

Officers did not arrive until around 2am despite the alarm being classed as ‘urgent’. The source told MailOnline: ‘Police should have got there quicker, there were clearly some serious failings on their part to respond so late after being called urgently.’

The Metropolitan Police said in a statement: ‘The incident was logged at 2.30am when officers attended and searched the premises. There was no indication of any forced entry or damage at the time. However, the alarm had been disabled by the thieves.'

Police were called back to Hatton Garden on Monday April 6 after the second burglary took place between 1.39am and 5.28am. It is understood that police arrived just before midnight the night of the raid. They then searched the premises again for signs of forced entry or damage, but none was found.

Police were called back to the scene two more times - once on Thursday April 9 at 10pm and then at 11am on Friday April 10 when they found evidence that had been tampered with in a number of safe deposit boxes. It is unclear what was taken from them.

The police sources said: ‘This gang were extremely clever because they managed to enter the vaults twice more after the alarm went off without being caught or detected by police. This is shocking and extremely embarrassing for them.’

Police are now investigating the possibility that someone on the inside may have tipped the gang off about when it would be safe for them to break in.

One of the sources said: ‘We believe these men were all working together and must have been part of an organised criminal network. There is a strong possibility that someone in the vaults themselves let the robbers in - or at least helped them find their way around the premises.’

The raid on Hatton Garden Safe Deposit was one of the most audacious jewellery thefts ever carried out in the UK and involved eight men using equipment such as drills. They are believed to have broken into six vaults at the premises, which is located close to Farringdon station.

Detectives are currently investigating a number of suspects who were all spotted on CCTV making off with bags of jewellery in the early hours of Monday morning. It is thought they all made their escape from the scene using an underground car park nearby, where the van was later found. They are now wanted by police for questioning.

One man seen fleeing from the scene has been named as 84-year-old Brian Reader, who lives in Enfield and was arrested at the weekend. He was taken into custody after detectives launched a search of his home on Thursday April 9 - just hours before the alarm went off again inside the vaults.

He remains in police custody while detectives question him about his role in the crime. It is unclear if he has been charged with any offences.

Investigators are also looking into reports that a number of suspects fled from the scene on push bikes after they made their escape. They were all wearing helmets and dark clothing and it is thought they may have stolen the bikes before carrying out the heist. It is believed some of them also left with tools used during the raid, including a power drill.

Detectives are currently appealing for anyone who saw anything suspicious at or around Hatton Garden Safe Deposit on Monday morning to come forward and help them with their investigation. They would like to speak to anyone who saw anyone acting suspiciously near the scene of the crime or anyone driving a white van which was later found abandoned nearby.

Detective Inspector Marcus Barnett, who is leading the investigation, said: ‘This is one of the most audacious raids we have ever seen and I would ask that anyone with any information about this crime comes forward to police without delay.’