Matt Davis looked on in horror.

“It didn’t make sense,” he told The Huffington Post in an exclusive interview. “I remember thinking: She just had a dream wedding, she just got engaged; why is this happening to her?”

Friedman was rushed to the hospital in a wheelchair and doctors immediately went into emergency surgery. That night, Rachelle’s life was forever changed. Not only did the accident leave her paralyzed from the neck down, but it also caused permanent damage to her lungs, bladder, bowel and digestive tract. She would now require 24-hour care for the rest of her life.

After a long rehabilitation process, Matt moved in with Rachelle. And when she asked him to marry her again, he didn’t hesitate. The two were married on August 6, 2011 in the same location where they originally planned their wedding.

Together they decided to turn their tragedy into a new beginning, starting an organization called Push For Rachelle that encourages and promotes fitness for wheelchair users. They also started a blog together detailing their lives, struggles, and happiness. In their words, the goal of this blog is: “to help raise awareness about spinal cord injuries, show others that paralysis does not mean your life is over and to inspire and encourage those who have experienced something similar.”

“I could see what Matt was going through, just as he saw what I was going through,” Rachelle explained. “We had both lost our old lives in this accident. I didn’t want him to be alone and feel helpless. We have each other and that is all we need.”

Matt explained that while they have many difficult moments, their love for each other helps them stay positive. They also help each other keep a healthy perspective on their situation by reminding themselves of what they have, rather than what they’ve lost. “We still have the same goals in life as we did before Rachelle was hurt,” Matt said.

Rachelle and Matt are constantly looking forward to their future together, trying new things, traveling, spending time with family, and enjoying their lives to its fullest.