has finally worn thin. With two home games still remaining Liverpool have already recorded a worse league record at Anfield than they did in the entire season last year.

We may not have reached the end of days but it would be no exaggeration to say that this game signalled the beginning of the end for Roy Hodgson as Liverpool manager. There has been so much misery and uncertainty surrounding the club over the last few months that a loss such as this is bound to lead to some soul searching, which may yet force changes at boardroom level, never mind the coaching staff.

It was always going to be tough against a resurgent Chelsea side who have started the season in much improved fashion under Carlo Ancelotti and they fully deserved their win after showing plenty of attacking intent throughout the game. The Blues were particularly dangerous from set-pieces with two of the goals coming from corners, although Liverpool also contributed to their own downfall by being caught out by long balls on more than one occasion.

The opening goal came from a routine cross into the box where Pepe Reina flapped at a header from Salomon Kalou. The ball flew back across goal and Frank Lampard was first to react, hooking it home with his right foot. It was only Lampard’s fourth goal in 16 appearances for Chelsea this season but it was well taken in any case.

The second goal followed almost immediately when Michael Ballack ran on to a long ball from John Terry and his shot took a deflection off Jamie Carragher before beating Reina at the near post. With half time approaching the game became much more tense with Liverpool pushing for a way back into the match but it was Chelsea who were more dangerous in attack.

There was little that they could do about the third goal however. Ancelotti’s men have been very dangerous on the break this season and they did so again here when Lampard picked out Nicolas Anelka with a delightful through ball. The Frenchman chipped Reina from 30 yards to make it three.

A penalty decision by referee Lee Mason also went against Liverpool. When Carragher was tackled by Anelka the ball struck his arm but after consulting with linesman Matt McGrath, Mason deemed that he had not made a deliberate attempt to block the shot. Despite replays showing it could have gone either way there was still no doubt that this was harsh on Liverpool.

The final goal came deep in stoppage time when Anelka turned Lucas Leiva and drilled the ball home from an acute angle with his left foot. It was a fitting end to what had been another miserable afternoon for Hodgson and his men.