ending to her injuries in the hope that she wouldn’t feel threatened by me.

I was working for Wildlife Vets International in Zimbabwe helping to dart and treat a seriously wounded rhino. She had a spear wound on the side of her neck and looked very weak; it was clear she needed urgent treatment.

I was part of an all-female team, one of just four women Wildlife Vets International had sent out on this mission to Zimbabwe. We were working with the Zimbabwe Parks Authority who are responsible for wildlife protection in that country. We were based at a small camp called Spurwing Island which is nestled in the middle of Lake Kariba, an enormous man-made lake. From here we would go out every day on darting missions to treat and monitor wounded rhinos.

The work was incredibly demanding. I had worked with wildlife before but this was my first time working as a vet in Africa, and it was very different. We were often woken up by the sound of gunshots at night which would alert us that one of the Parks Authority rangers had spotted an injured rhino. It meant we would get ready and head out immediately to go dart and treat them. Sometimes this would mean working all night with very little rest and then heading back out early the next morning, so it was important we were physically fit.

Our daily routine involved a lot of hard graft as we had to carry all our equipment out on foot. This included everything we needed from a first aid kit to the darting guns, so I needed to be very strong and fit to do this. There were also no toilets in camp, which meant having to find somewhere private and secure to go to the toilet. We had a team of guards with us at all times for safety, but even then we still had to stay on high alert.

It was hard work, but seeing the rhinos up close and getting to know them personally was really inspiring. It reminded me why I became a vet and what a privilege it is to be able to help these animals. It can be heartbreaking when you are treating an animal who has been shot or injured in some way, but it is incredibly rewarding to see them recover and improve.

I would love to go back to Zimbabwe as soon as possible and help with their conservation efforts. There are so many rhinos there that need protection and treatment, and I feel like we have only scratched the surface of what can be done. With enough people willing to help, we can make a real difference in saving these incredible animals from extinction.