th century history – the Battle of Orgreave between striking miners and police.

I went to see it, expecting great things from a film directed by Stephen Beresford that starred Bill Nighy, Imelda Staunton, Dominic West and Andrew Scott among others. But I came out feeling depressed about the state of British politics, especially after reading the reviews and seeing people hailing it as an important film about our history. It’s not.

The most significant thing Pride does is to show that the police were the main instigators of violence at Orgreave, in Rotherham and elsewhere during the miners’ strike. But the film only gives us a cursory glimpse at the true brutality of the time, with the focus on the comedic antics of the activists from the LGBT community who joined forces with the striking miners. It was a touching story that I found compelling in its own right and there is no denying that these two groups of people, fighting against oppression at this particular historical moment in time, were destined to be linked together.

But it doesn’t go deep enough into what really happened during the miners’ strike, instead opting to gloss over the violent clashes with police and present them as comedy sketches, even when people are being injured and arrested. I get that this is supposed to be a feel-good movie, but there were far more important issues going on at the time than the antics of the gay activists from London.

In particular, it completely glosses over the fact that the miners were fighting for their livelihoods while Margaret Thatcher’s government was out to destroy the coal industry and take away their jobs. Instead of acknowledging this fact, the film focuses almost entirely on how wonderful it is that these two disparate groups found common ground in each other and could form a coalition against the miners’ oppressors – a message that the Tories are happy with because it gives them ammunition to argue that we should all get along despite our political differences.

But this misses the point of what happened during the miners’ strike: it was an act of rebellion by working people against an oppressive government that wanted to destroy their way of life. The fact that they were able to form a coalition with other oppressed groups in order to fight back against this injustice should be celebrated, but Pride does a disservice to the miners’ strike and its participants by treating it as nothing more than an opportunity for a bunch of gays from London to have some fun.