my? What is it?'' 
 
''It's a spider, well actually its just an old rusty bike chain but, with a bit of imagination it looks like a spider!'' 

''Yeah I can see that you're right Timmy. It does look like a giant black widow to be exact.'' 
 
''Oh no Sally, don't say things like that, now please come here and hold my hand.'' 

''Why Timmy?'' 

''Because I want to tell you about my dream last night, it was so real, but not in a good way. It was a nightmare!'' 

''Oh no Timmy, what happened in your dream?'' 

''There I was playing outside with my friends when all of a sudden we see a giant black widow spider making its way towards us.'' 

''Oh dear, I remember those spiders from school. They are pretty scary looking aren't they?'' 

''Yes Sally they are and in my dream it was the biggest black widow ever! It was so big that it could have easily eaten me and all of my friends.'' 

''That must have been really scary Timmy. Did you manage to escape?'' 

''No Sally, I didn't get far because as soon as we saw the spider we all ran in different directions. The spider followed us and just kept chasing after us no matter what we did.'' 

''That must have been a terrifying experience Timmy.'' 

''Yes Sally it was, I think that dream has really scared me! The sight of those giant black widow legs still give me the heebie jeebies.'' 

''Don't worry Timmy, dreams can sometimes be pretty scary but they are just that - a dream. They don't mean anything and usually have no real-life implications for us. Dreams are our brains way of processing things we experience throughout the day and as such they are not always accurate reflections of reality.'' 

''I guess you're right Sally, but I can't help feeling that dream left me feeling quite uneasy. Maybe I need to talk about it with someone else.'' 

''Talking about our dreams can often help us make sense of them and understand why they might have scared or upset us in some way. Talking through our dreams with a trusted adult, such as a parent or teacher, can be really beneficial for helping us work through any fears or anxieties associated with them.'' 

''Thank you for listening to me Sally. It really helped just talking about the dream and knowing that it was just a dream in the first place. I think talking about my fears is definitely going to help me get over them.'' 

''No problem Timmy! Dreams can be pretty scary sometimes, but talking about them with someone who cares is always a great way of helping us cope with those feelings of fear and anxiety.'