attered with blood. His uniform was torn and stained with dirt, soot and more blood, a crimson river that flowed out of his gored body to mingle with the mud below.

I didn’t know why he had died there, I don’t think anyone really did, but I knew it wasn’t from any wound he received. The German soldiers would have killed him long before that. No, this was a death by terror, a death brought on by the sight of carnage, of the dead and the dying all around him. It must have been sheer terror that drove the life out of his body as he lay there, paralysed by the sights and sounds and smells of death.

I stood back from the bodies for a while, sobbing quietly and looking at each one in turn. They were all young men, no more than twenty years old, their faces covered with blood and dirt. The clothes on some were ripped and torn, others had been neatly cut away and I could see the flesh underneath, blackened by smoke and burned by fire. Most of them would have died very quickly and the horror they must have experienced was brief; a moment of pain followed almost instantly by unconsciousness and death. Others would not have been so lucky and their suffering must have lasted for minutes or even hours as they waited for release from their misery.

I walked amongst the bodies, inspecting each one in turn. Some had their faces covered in blood, others were mutilated and disfigured, but all of them were dead; nothing but empty shells of once proud young men. They would have been sons, brothers or husbands back home, fathers perhaps, and they had been torn from their loved ones to be sacrificed on this killing ground for a cause that was now almost forgotten.

I wanted to remember them as they were before their lives ended so suddenly and so violently. I imagined them laughing with friends, spending time with family, falling in love and planning the rest of their lives. They had all had dreams and hopes for the future, plans and goals but it was all gone now. Instead of having a life to live, they would be forever remembered as corpses that lay forgotten on a battlefield somewhere in Europe.

I thought about what it must have been like for them, those last moments of their lives as they faced their fate with courage and dignity. I wondered if any of them had said goodbye to loved ones before setting out on this journey or if they had known that their time was so short. I wanted to remember their sacrifice and honour their memory by never forgetting the cost of war.

I spent hours amongst those bodies, trying to bring back memories of each man as he was alive and not just a body in a shallow grave. I tried to imagine what it must have felt like for them in their final moments, but it was impossible for me to fathom such fear and pain. All I could do was pay my respects and hope that they would be remembered long after the war had ended.