avenclaws!' she said with excitement, looking at her hands. Her fingernails were painted in silver and gold, matching the rest of her clothes. I smiled at her. She really was adorable, in a way that I couldn't explain.
 
 `` I know you do,'' I admitted, giving her a quick hug before pulling back, `` But we can 't go down there yet.'' I could see her pout through the dim light of the study. It wasn't fair for me to keep her from what she wanted to do. After all, it was her dream to be at this school. 
 
 `` Why not?'' she asked, `` We 're just going down there.'' She was right. I had no reason to keep us up here, away from our rooms and the common room, especially when we both wanted to go back so badly. And now that they had arrived, it was even more of a reason to go down. But I knew there were rules that would not allow me to take her with me.
 
 `` There are just some things you have to wait for,'' I told her, trying to explain my decision. It wasn't going to be an easy thing to tell her why we couldn't go down yet. She had waited long enough to see Hogwarts in all its glory and I knew that it would be even harder to keep her from wanting to see it again once the new students arrived.
 
 `` But why?'' she asked, looking at me with questioning eyes. She really wanted an answer. After a few moments of thought, I finally told her the truth. `` Because you are not officially a student here yet. Once you are sorted into your houses and receive your books and wands, then we can go down there. But right now, you need to wait.'' I knew she wasn't going to like this, but it was for her own safety and well being.
 
 `` But why do I have to wait?'' she asked, pouting even more than before. `` Why can't I just go with you? I want to see Hogwarts.'' Her voice was full of frustration and disappointment that we couldn't just leave at that moment. It was going to be hard to explain it in a way that made sense for her age. I didn't want her to feel like she was being left out or kept from something amazing because she was too young, so I had to find a way of explaining why she needed to wait in the simplest terms possible.
 
 `` Because you are still very young,'' I began. `` You are only eleven years old and we want you to enjoy this time as much as possible. We also know that the new students coming here will be older than you and there are rules set by the school that say they cannot be seen by anyone other than their own families during certain times of the year. It is for your safety that we need to keep you up here until those rules change.'' I knew she probably didn't understand what I was saying, but hopefully it would give her an understanding of why it was important for us to wait.
 
 `` But I want to see them!'' she said again with determination in her voice. She wanted so badly to meet the other students that had just arrived and experience their first days at Hogwarts with them. It made sense, considering that this had been a dream of hers for such a long time. And although it was exciting for me too, there were rules set by the school that needed to be followed in order for everyone's safety.
 
 `` I know how much you want to meet them,'' I told her as I stroked her hair gently. `` But right now we have no choice but wait until we can officially go down and meet them together.'' I didn't want her to feel disappointed or left out, so I promised her that once the rules changed, we would go down and see everything together. It was going to be an exciting time for both of us when we could finally see our new home in all its glory.