keye the cold, bright computer screens, the desks cluttered with papers, the fluorescent lights. I look around for a face but see none. This place is as empty as my mind.

I approach a desk and wait for a face. I feel like an outsider on an island, but I can’t leave because of this place. A man comes out from behind the desks to meet me. His suit is neat, his tie just so, his hair trimmed. He looks at my tattered clothes and frowns.

“We do not allow visitors in a work space.” He points to the sign on the door. “You’re trespassing on corporate property. I need you to leave now.” His voice is authoritarian but polite.

I look around again, hoping for help, but there are no faces. No one seems to notice me except this man. I don’t know what to do or where to go.

“Please, just let me explain,” I beg, my hands trembling. “I didn’t mean to trespass.”

The man looks at his watch and sighs. He sits back down behind the desk.

“Alright. Let’s hear it.”

I tell him about how I’ve been trying to find a job for months now, but no one will hire me because of my lack of experience or education. I explain that I’m desperate and willing to do anything to make ends meet, even if it means breaking the law. I plead with him to give me a chance, just an opportunity to prove myself. He listens patiently, nodding his head as I speak.

When I finish my story, he looks at me thoughtfully for a moment before speaking.

“I understand your situation and appreciate your determination,” he says. “But unfortunately, there’s nothing we can do for you here. This company is not in the business of hiring unskilled or uneducated labor. If you want a job with us, you need to have at least an undergraduate degree and some relevant work experience.”

I feel my face go red with frustration and embarrassment. I didn’t expect this response from him but I guess I should have known better than to break the law just for a chance at a job. I apologize for trespassing and promise not to do anything like that again before leaving through the same door I entered through, my head hung low with shame and regret.