I’m starting to get concerned about my lack of symptoms, could it be that I am in remission? The odds of a spontaneous remission are very small so I doubt it’s possible, however if there is no progression then that means the disease has become dormant and has stopped spreading. It’s been over 6 months since I began this journey, if I haven’t felt anything in the past 3 months then could it be possible that my disease has gone into remission?

I find myself worrying about these things. Worrying if I really am getting better or if this is all just wishful thinking. When I first started treatment I had very little hope that it would work, I had only ever heard of people with cancer going into remission and the odds for someone who has been diagnosed with such an aggressive type of cancer were slim to none. After a few months of feeling better though things changed, the worry changed from “am I dying?” to “will this treatment stop working?”. My hopes grew, my fears diminished and now that we are inching towards that 6 month mark I find myself constantly questioning if I am doing better or not. The reality is that I don’t know how to feel about all of this. I do still have a few side effects from chemo but they are minor compared to what they were at the beginning. I’m still getting an IV twice a week and I will continue to get one for another 3 months or so, and then I should be done with treatment completely.

This disease is crazy, it affects your body in ways that you couldn’t even imagine. It steals your life away from you piece by piece, slowly taking away the things that you hold dear. I can’t believe that only 6 months ago this thing was slowly eating away at my organs and now here I am today, writing a blog post about whether or not I’ve gone into remission. Cancer is a funny thing, it changes everything about your life but also teaches you many lessons along the way. I have learned more about myself in the past 6 months than in all of my previous years combined. It has made me stronger, more courageous and resilient to almost any obstacle that may come my way. It has taught me to appreciate the little things in life and be grateful for every moment because you just never know when it could be your last.