ringy child? Everyday is torture for me! Even when I close my eyes and wish to disappear, you would still be there playing your violin loudly in the morning. The sound of violins are just annoying. It hurts my ears, it makes me want to rip them out from their sockets. But worst of all, it reminds me that you're here.
 
 I hate you for being so loud when you eat and talk. You think you don't make a sound when you eat, but you do. Every time you put food in your mouth, I can hear the slurps, gulps, and smacks of your eating habits. I wonder why you even like that disgusting spaghetti. It makes such a loud noise every time it goes down your throat. And when you talk to me about spaghettis, all I could do is to grit my teeth so hard because I want to snap them into pieces just from the sound of your voice.
 
 I hate you for making a mess in your room. I understand that you're eight years old and you don't have any sense yet of cleaning and organizing. But I hope you at least make an effort to clean it up a little, because the smell of your dirty clothes and unwashed dishes are just unbearable. And to add insult to injury, every time I try to talk to you about it, you give me the most stubborn attitude ever! You're just so annoying.
 
 I hate you for not understanding that you need to be more kind and patient towards me. I know that you have a lot of energy being an eight year old kid, but do you really need to shout at me every time I tell you what to do? And even when I try to explain things to you, you just roll your eyes and sigh in irritation. I've tried talking to you nicely about this many times before, but you just keep ignoring my words. It makes me so angry!
 
 I hate you for being so selfish. You never think of anyone else but yourself. Whenever you want something, you always have a tantrum if you don't get your way. It's really not fair that you treat everyone like they exist only to serve and please you. Maybe one day you will learn the importance of empathy and kindness towards others. But until then, I hate you for being so selfish and inconsiderate.