adult’s attention with his charming smile and fluttering eyelashes.

Jeffery liked these long summer days without school or structure. No homework, no teachers, no social pressures of fitting in or being popular. Just free time to explore the neighborhood and get into mischief. His mom worked at a local bakery so his summer was his own. It had been a few weeks since he’d seen her though, between shifts and days off he hadn’t caught a glimpse of her face or hugged her in a while. But that was okay with Jeffery. He didn’t miss the nagging and lectures that came with spending so much time at home.

He rolled out of bed, his sheets tangled around him like a nest. It wasn’t until he stood up and stretched his arms over his head that he realized how stiff and sore they had become from sleeping in the same position all night long. The sun was directly overhead now, shining through the dusty windowpanes and reflecting off of his bedroom walls.

Jeffery made his way to the kitchen for some breakfast. He poured himself a bowl of cereal with milk straight from the fridge. As he sat at the table eating he flicked ants off his shirt sleeve and out through the open back door. The sun was warm on his skin as he sat there in the window nook, crunching down each piece of cereal and gulping down the milk.

After breakfast Jeffery went into the living room to play some video games on the old TV set up on a dusty table next to the couch. He liked this game where you ran through a forest and shot at monsters with lasers and magic spells. The graphics weren’t great but it was fun anyway, especially when he got to battle the big boss monster at the end of each level.

Jeffery played for hours that day, pausing every so often to grab snacks or use the bathroom. Eventually his mother returned from work and called him for dinner. They ate macaroni and cheese together while discussing their days. Afterward they sat in front of the TV for a bit before Jeffery went back to his room for more gaming. He spent most of the night doing just that until he finally fell asleep on his bed, exhausted from all the excitement.