see what's inside,'' you say. Your group nods in agreement, then they open the door. The treasure chamber appears to be completely empty except for a few tarnished pots on the floor and some old tapestries hanging from the walls.

`` Where is it?'' asks Bruntus. `` Did we take the wrong turn or something? '' Everyone begins searching the room. You look at the pots on the floor, then you lift one up to see if there is anything inside of it. A glowing purple gem rolls out and onto the floor. Everyone's eyes become fixated on this beautiful thing. `` This must be Nyarlothep's treasure!'' Bruntus shouts. `` Look at that jewel! I've never seen anything quite like it before. We all move forward to pick up this amazing gem when suddenly there is a loud clang and the ground starts rumbling beneath us. The walls and ceiling begin moving towards you. It seems as if the room has become alive! Everyone runs for cover, but there are no places to hide. You look around desperately for any place that could provide shelter from whatever is happening in this treasure chamber. Just then you see a small hole in the corner of one wall. You scramble over to it and crawl inside. The rest of your party follows suit. You feel the walls come crashing down on top of where you were standing just seconds before. Dust and stones rain down upon you, but you manage to survive without any major injuries. You are still alive!

After some time has passed, you emerge from the hole in the wall that saved your life. When you turn around to look at the treasure chamber, it is completely destroyed. The only thing left standing are two cracked pillars and a pile of rubble where once stood a room full of treasure. `` It seems like we were lucky to have escaped that alive,'' Bruntus remarks. You nod in agreement as you survey the damage caused by whatever event happened here tonight. With no sign of any treasure, your party decides to move on and continue exploring this mysterious dungeon in hopes of finding even more riches.