ve see me sleep? Of course not! I am ever alert to the slightest sign of danger that threatens my wards. To ensure their safety, I must keep an eye on them at all times.'' He had told her this in his booming voice over the years. ``I have my ways of monitoring you without your knowing it. I know what you are doing and where you go. You may think that you can fool me with your mischievous behavior, but you are mistaken! I am far more clever than you think. With a wave of my hand and a simple command, I can see everything in this tower-every nook and cranny. Nothing escapes my gaze.'' Moira had always feared that her master could see and hear anything she did or said. She was glad to be left alone now, even if it meant having to sleep on the floor of the room where the other wards slept. At least, she thought, no one could spy on me here.

The following morning Moira found herself in the Tower's common dining room along with the rest of her fellow wards. The room was huge and grand, with high arched ceilings and stained glass windows that stretched from floor to ceiling. The walls were adorned with magnificent tapestries depicting scenes of magic and wonder. There were large tables in the center of the room, each surrounded by comfortable chairs. At one end of the room was a long serving counter, where food and drink were prepared for the wards.

Moira walked to her usual spot at the far end of the table. She sat down with the other wards that had become her friends over the years they had spent in this place together. They all chattered excitedly about their various adventures since their last meeting, exchanging stories and gossiping about one another. It was a time of laughter and camaraderie, as the wards were given some rare moments of freedom to socialize with each other before returning to the rigorous training that awaited them. Moira could not help but feel happy and content during these times, knowing that she had found a sense of belonging in this strange place.