in leather, had his back to everyone, and was carrying a rather large axe on one shoulder.

“Everyone stay down.” His voice was calm, but still authoritative enough. Everyone froze in their place and no one dared make even a sound. The man took a few steps forward, then turned around. He was short for his age, which was probably around 40, and had long black hair.

“I am here to kill the tavern-keeper.” He said, turning back towards the door. Agatha slowly rose to her feet, with the help of a few patrons, and stared at him in shock. The man ignored her as he approached the bar, where there was an old man sitting behind it with a glass of wine.

“Now then,” he said, “I will allow you one last chance to surrender peacefully.” He pointed the tip of his axe towards the old man and gave him a wry smile. The tavern-keeper slowly lowered his hands and took a deep breath. He stood up, and walked towards the stranger in the leather.

“You seem very determined,” he said, “Who are you?” His voice was calm as well, but he seemed to be shaking slightly.

“My name is Tyrion.” The man replied. He had a small smile on his face which made him look more sinister than before. The tavern-keeper took another deep breath and nodded in agreement.

“I see that you are very determined, but I’d like to know why it is that you want me dead so badly.” He said slowly as he crossed his arms in front of himself. Tyrion looked down at the old man for a few seconds before turning back towards the crowd of people behind him.

“I have been sent here by your employer to kill you and claim your gold.” He said with a sinister tone in his voice. The tavern-keeper’s eyes widened as he stared at Tyrion, trying to comprehend what was happening. After taking another deep breath, the old man slowly reached for the money pouch that hung around his neck.

“Take it.” He said to him, pulling out a small bag of gold coins and tossing them towards Tyrion. The man caught them easily with one hand as he took a step forward. The tavern-keeper then grabbed a knife from the counter and held it in front of himself threateningly.

“I’m afraid I cannot let you go that easily.” He said, taking a step towards Tyrion. The man glanced down at his own blade and gave a wicked smile.

“Well then,” he said, “I guess we will just have to fight it out.” He then lunged forward with surprising speed, striking the tavern-keeper across the chest with his axe. The old man stumbled backwards from the blow and fell to the ground with a loud thud. Tyrion smiled as he watched him struggle for breath before raising his axe over his head again. The people in the crowd gasped collectively at this sight, but no one moved or dared make a sound.

Tyrion brought the axe down hard on the tavern-keeper’s neck and watched as blood spurted out from it like water. The man made a gurgling noise before falling still in his own pool of blood. Tyrion turned to look at everyone in the tavern, making sure that they were all still in shock.

“Anyone else have a problem with me?” He asked with a menacing tone, looking down at each person individually. No one spoke or moved as he walked towards them. He grabbed one of the patrons by their throat and lifted them off the ground, his axe hovering above their head. The man struggled to get away from him but could not break free.

“Now then,” Tyrion said with a cold smile, “Anyone else want to try their luck against me?” No one made any sudden movements or spoke up. Tyrion released the man he was holding and walked back towards the door, making sure that everyone had seen his display of power. He then turned around and gave a wicked grin before walking out into the night with blood still dripping from his axe.