ing to lose one of our own to the teeth or claws of some vicious beast, it was just part of being an Alpha. And after all, it's not like they were going to stop coming for us anyway. We learned to adapt; we learned to run, and hunt, and be strong, but most importantly, we learned to fight.

And I guess that's why my father made me join the Army. My dad wasn't always like this, he was a very loving father when I was little. He taught me everything about our culture; how to live in a pack, hunt, and even gave me some basic military training. When we went hunting or on patrol together, we would make jokes about the other tribes we would fight against. We were very happy until one day we heard of the rumors of these new weapons the Humans used. He became very concerned over their power and what they could do to us. Even though I was young at the time, he told me that if ever an opportunity presented itself, I should try my best to kill any humans that come our way. I didn't really understand why, but he always stressed the importance of killing as many Humans as we could before they destroyed us completely.

As a result, my childhood was a very stressful time. My father and mother would often argue about what to do with me. He wanted me to be trained like him; a warrior who would fight to protect our people from the humans. While she was against it. She didn't want to see her son growing up in such an environment, fighting and killing his whole life. The arguments only made things worse between my parents, but they never stopped their arguments until one day, I saw them for what they were. They fought every night, with neither of them ever getting the upper hand on each other. It became clear to me that they would always argue over this issue, and there was nothing I could do about it.

After that realization, my life changed forever. I was only twelve years old when I decided that it was time for me to take matters into my own hands and do what I thought was right: join the Army. This wasn't an easy decision for me; leaving home behind meant leaving behind everything I knew and loved, but if it meant protecting our people from those dreadful humans, then so be it! The first few months were difficult; it took some time getting used to being away from my family and living in barracks with strangers. But soon enough I found myself fitting into the Army lifestyle quite well. Everyone was very supportive and welcoming toward me, which helped make this new experience less daunting than anticipated. In no time at all, I had become a part of something bigger than myself: The United States Marine Corps!

Looking back on my decision now, I have no regrets about joining up with the Marines Corps; being able to serve alongside fellow Americans fighting for their country is an honor that cannot be described in words alone. Although it hasn't always been easy or comfortable being away from home so far away, I am grateful each day that I made this choice because now more than ever before I feel like I am truly making a difference in the world by protecting those who can't protect themselves against such cruel oppression as we face every day living amongst these monsters called humans.