...
- #### How do you tell if someone is a programmer?

They will ask for more details.

How do you tell if someone is a system administrator?

They won't tell you.

#### A man goes into a bar, sits down next to the most beautiful woman he has ever seen. He orders a beer and she asks for a glass of wine. After they both take a sip of their drink she says, "I hear that when you have sex with a virgin, your penis gets longer."

"That's absurd!" replied the man. "There is no way my penis could get any bigger!"

The woman chuckles and says, "Well then you should go to the nearby village because I am a virgin and I want you to prove it to me!"

Flattered but nervous the man asks if she is serious. The woman replies, "Yes I am completely serious and if you can prove that your penis doesn't get longer when you have sex with a virgin, I will pay for every drink you buy all night."

The man thinks about it for a minute and then agrees to the bet. They both finish their drinks and leave the bar together. She leads him out of town to an old abandoned barn. Inside the barn she pushes the man against a wall, unzips his pants and starts kissing him. After a few minutes of kissing and groping she takes off her clothes and lays on the ground.

She motions for the man to come over and get on top of her. He does as he is told but doesn't know what to do next, so she whispers in his ear "Show me you penis, prove to me that it can't get any bigger." The man stands up and takes his pants off to reveal his now rock hard erection.

The woman is impressed by the man's size but still skeptical about whether or not it will actually grow any larger. She suggests they have sex again, this time while she measures his penis before and after. They both agree to the proposition.

After their second bout of intercourse, the woman measures the man's member and is shocked when he is fully erect... 14 inches!!! "I can't believe it! Your penis did grow! I thought that was just an old wives tale!" she says excitedly. The man smiles and replies, "Yes my penis does in fact get longer when I have sex with a virgin."