o, my parents were divorced and my mom had remarried. And this man that she married was the type of person that would take the children on his own when he wanted to. So he took them all the time because he didn't like my father at all. And so they went away for a week, just Mike, his stepfather and my brother. My dad had to work. They went away for about a week and I was left with a babysitter who wasn't really good. So she started giving me pills and smoking marijuana with me. And I liked the pills because it made me feel high, very happy and out of control. So this went on for a couple of months. 
 
 **Natalie** 
 
 Did you want to get high?
 
 Yes. Because my parents were divorced I was angry at them, so I wanted to get away from the situation and be happy. And the pills made me feel that way. They took all of my problems away.
 
 So, after a couple of months of this, Mike came back from the week that he had with his stepfather and he started asking me questions like, "Why do you have so many cuts?" And I would say, "I don't know, I just got angry and cut myself." He said, "What did you get angry about?" And I didn't really want to tell him. But the next day we were at my grandmother's house and I was playing in the backyard with Mike when all of a sudden he saw this big piece of glass laying on the ground. And he ran over to it and picked up the piece of glass and he said, "I know what you do." I didn't really want him to know that. But then my mom came outside and she asked me about the cuts. 
 
 She said, "Why did you cut yourself?" And I remember crying and telling her that I was just angry at myself for what had happened in the past. So she took me to a psychologist, but I didn't really want to talk to the psychologist because I wasn't ready to face my problems. And after that visit we left and went home and about two weeks later I saw an ad on TV for the tattoo shop where they were advertising piercings. 
 
 So I talked Mike into getting a nose ring, but I also wanted something different so I got my navel pierced and I started thinking, "Maybe I should get some tattoos." And about that same time I saw an article in a magazine about the girls who were doing this crazy thing with their ears. They had taken an earring out and stretched their earlobe so they could put in huge pieces of jewelry. So we went back to the tattoo shop and talked about getting our earlobes pierced. 
 
 And the guy there said that he didn't really want to do it because I was so young, but after much coaxing he agreed. And my ears hurt for days afterwards, they were very sore and swollen. But the next day we went back to the tattoo shop and talked about getting our belly button pierced. And when we went in there we saw a girl who had her tongue pierced and I thought it was so cool! So I got my navel pierced too. Then about a month later Mike told me that he wanted to get a belly ring. 
 
 And after that, all of our friends started getting them as well. The first time we did it was at home with a needle and a thread. I remember being scared because the needle hurt so bad when it went in my navel. But the piercing became a tradition for us. We would do them together. 
 
 And every time someone got theirs done, I was there with Mike to help them through it. It became like an initiation into our friendship group. The more tattoos we all got, the stronger our friendships became because of that shared experience of pain and suffering. We would talk about our piercings and show off our scars to each other in order to make sure everyone felt accepted by their friends. 
 
 It was a way for us to bond with one another. Over time I got so many piercings that eventually I had no more room for new ones, so I switched to getting tattoos instead. And when my parents found out about all these body modifications, they were not happy about it at all. They thought we were crazy and irresponsible for doing something like this. But despite their disapproval, I have never regretted making the decision to get my piercings or tattoos. I am proud of who I am and what makes me unique.