,t but a mere gesture as he took the coin offered.
“Buy you another?” The bartender said with a sneer that did not make itself hidden.
“Nay, my friend,” Alistair replied, “I believe I’ll take my leave for now.”
The man tipped his hat and shuffled through the crowd of drunkards towards the exit. He walked out into the night air, cold on his face but warm on his cheeks. The moon was full, brightening up the city streets with an eerie light.
“Hey!” A familiar voice called from behind him, “I didn’t know you still came to this place.”
Alistair spun around and faced a young man he once knew, one whom had been his best friend many years ago. Alistair took in the sight of the man before him. He had not changed much over the years, same slicked hair with just as much bravado. He wore an expensive suit that seemed to fit him perfectly, yet a small tear ran down one pant leg. The man wore his signature leather boots and carried the most familiar sword in the world of Alistair.
“Lord,” he greeted the young man, “It has been quite some time.”
The young lord nodded with a smirk as he pulled his sword from its sheath. It glistened in the moonlight, reflecting an orange hue. “How long has it been?” The Lord said, swinging his blade through the air. He did not wait for a response and instead continued speaking. “10 years? No, 12, maybe 13. I lost count sometime ago.”
Alistair had not noticed the sword in the young lord’s hand until now, he had been distracted by its familiarity. The weapon looked like something out of a fairytale, long and slender with intricate detailing. It shone brightly in the moonlight, gleaming with an almost otherworldly glow. As Alistair examined it closely, he realized that there was more to this sword than met the eye. It had a strange energy about it, almost like magic, and seemed alive somehow.
The young lord held his sword high and spun around, performing elaborate swings and flourishes as if he were dancing with the blade. Alistair watched in amazement as the man’s skill and strength were on full display. The Lord moved effortlessly with each strike, slicing through imaginary opponents with precision and speed.
After finishing his routine, the young lord bowed to Alistair and sheathed his sword. He turned towards him with a smile that did not reach his eyes. “It’s good to see you again, old friend.” The Lord said, offering out his hand in friendship.
Alistair shook it, “Likewise.” He replied, remembering the fond days of their youth.