1800s!

I am currently in an orphanage that takes care of young children and teenagers. It is run by a strict old lady who does not like me for some reason, but I still do my best to keep myself on her good side because it's safer there then on the streets.

Today I was just walking down the street when I saw a girl, who looked very much like me, being dragged into an alleyway by a man. I couldn't help but intervene and go after them. As soon as I got to them, they saw me, so the guy pulled his knife out of his jacket pocket and was about to attack me when the girl knocked him to the ground with one swift kick. She then grabbed my hand and we ran from that place.

We ended up at an abandoned building where she explained the situation. Apparently her name is Lucy and this man has been following and harassing her for months now. She was really scared because he had a knife and if it were not for me, he would have probably hurt her. I tried to comfort her as best I could but I didn't know what else to say or do.

After some time passed, Lucy started to calm down and she told me that she wanted to thank me for saving her from that man. She then gave me the biggest hug ever and thanked me again. As we were standing there just enjoying each others company, I realized how much I liked this girl. Not in a romantic way but more like a friendship kind of love.

We stayed at the abandoned building until nightfall when it became too dangerous for us to stay outside any longer. We decided that we would try and make our way back to my orphanage where Lucy could stay with me until things got better. The journey back was not an easy one but somehow we managed to get through it together without any harm coming to either of us.

When we finally arrived at the orphanage, everyone was shocked to see me bring home someone new and even more so when they found out that this person was actually another girl my age! But despite their surprise, all of the other children welcomed Lucy with open arms and she quickly became part of our little family.

Life in the orphanage has definitely not been easy for either of us but having each other has made it a lot easier to get through those hard times together. We've had some rough patches along the way but overall I think things have turned out pretty well considering everything that we've gone through so far.

I truly believe that God brought Lucy into my life for a reason; she's become such an important part of who I am and has helped me grow so much as both person and character. I feel incredibly blessed to have her in my life and I wouldn't change a thing about our journey together