, just minding my own business, buying some groceries for dinner, when the cashier asks me for identification. Now here is where it gets tricky; I do not have any form of ID with my current address on it. That's right, I do not have a driver’s license or passport. Now this is not something that I can just walk into a DMV or Post Office and fix because I cannot prove who I am. So the only thing I could give her was an old credit card (I did have one in my wallet). She looked at it with a raised eyebrow, then back at me and said, “I'm sorry but your ID has an address that is not current to this area. I'll need to see something else.” And therein lies the problem; I could not produce another piece of identification for her to check. So she called over one of her managers, who then asked what was going on. After I explained to them my situation they decided they would let it slide and let me purchase my items.

This whole scenario got me thinking about the whole ID issue. Why is it so hard to just get a simple form of identification? To obtain an ID you need to produce proof of birth, proof of address (usually in the form of utility bills) and proof of signature. Now the first two things are pretty easy for most people; they just have to go into their mail box or look at a recent bill they have paid online. However, the third one, proof of signature, is where most people fall flat on their faces. The only form of identification that most people carry with them (and therefore can provide as proof) are their debit and credit cards. Now here is what is interesting about this; the signatures on these two pieces of identification are not signed by me! I have never seen my signature on a card. In fact, I had no idea what my signature looked like until I applied for a job at a bank when I was 19 years old and they asked me for a copy of it. I sat there with a pencil and tried to emulate something that resembled my name. I guess it passed because I did get the job (not that this proves anything).

Now I understand the reasoning behind needing some sort of identification; after all, it is used in order to prevent fraud. But what about those people who cannot produce a valid form of ID? Should we be making life more difficult for them by not allowing them to purchase groceries or ride on public transportation? I mean, they are still citizens just like everyone else and have the same rights as anyone else. So why is it that they need to prove their identity before being allowed to do something as simple as buying some milk? It seems unfair to me. The only thing that these individuals can really do is hope that no one questions their identity and takes them at face value (which may or may not be a good idea). But this leaves me wondering; what would happen if they were ever in an emergency situation where they needed help? Would they be turned away because they did not have the proper documentation? Or would they be allowed to receive assistance even though they could not prove who they are? These are important questions that need to be answered, and I think it is time for us as a society to start discussing them. We need to make sure that everyone has an equal opportunity to obtain a form of identification so that they can enjoy the same rights and privileges as everyone else. After all, we all deserve fair treatment regardless of our circumstances.