* much?''

Camila did not look impressed with my reasoning. She stared at me for a moment, then turned away and continued scanning groceries. I shrugged as best I could while standing behind the checkout counter. I had tried to convince Camila that she deserved better than working 60 hours a week for $9 an hour and no benefits. Her health was failing; her children were grown. She was ready to retire, but she seemed determined not to.

Camila is one of many people who are reluctant to accept their retirement because they don't feel they can afford it. The majority of Americans will work well into their golden years. As a result, the workplace has begun to change and older workers face unique challenges as they age. According to AARP (formerly known as the American Association of Retired Persons), approximately 14 percent of Americans over 65 are still in the workforce.

The reasons for this vary greatly. Some people are financially unprepared for retirement and continue working until they have sufficient income, or their Social Security kicks in. Others choose to stay on because they love their careers and don't want to leave. Many retirees find that their hobbies don't pay the bills, and they need some form of employment to make ends meet. Some older workers continue to work simply for the companionship or structure it provides.

Whatever the reason, working in middle age is not always easy. Employers may be reluctant to hire a candidate who is over 50 due to perceived notions that they are more likely to take time off for doctor's appointments, retire soon, lack the energy or skills to keep up with younger workers, or even discriminate against others their age. In addition, older employees often have to contend with negative stereotypes and assumptions regarding their abilities. Despite these challenges, working in middle age can be a rewarding experience as it provides the opportunity to continue contributing to society, remain socially connected and gain new skills.

If you're an older worker contemplating retirement, there are several things to consider before making any decisions. First and foremost, evaluate your financial situation. Are you financially prepared for retirement? What kind of lifestyle do you want in retirement? If necessary, speak to a financial advisor or retirement planner who can help you develop a plan that meets your needs and goals.

It's also important to assess your health when making any decisions about retiring. Do you have any chronic conditions or other medical issues that could affect your ability to work? If so, it may be time to seriously consider retirement. On the other hand, if your health is still good, continuing to work could provide a sense of purpose and help stave off boredom in retirement.

No matter what age you are when considering retiring from the workforce, it's important to do so with careful consideration. Older workers have much to offer employers and society alike; their skills, experience and knowledge can be invaluable assets in the workplace. So before taking that big step into retirement, take some time to weigh all of your options carefully.