arth, but it was once feared as much as death.

I am the daughter of the great Jarl of Nidavellir, the most powerful king in all of the lands of man. I grew up learning to fight alongside my brothers and sisters, though we were only allowed a short time each day with our weapons before returning to the chores of a good family. My father believed that the blood of his children ran hotter than those of any other family in the lands surrounding our great fortress. It was true, as well. We grew into young adults who were strong-willed and quick to anger when provoked.

I had many friends growing up, though they all tended to be a bit more brash than I preferred. One night, after we had all been playing games with some of our cousins from the other side of the mountains, my friends made a pact that they would all swear their loyalty to me until the end. Of course they were all drunk and did it in jest. I was very angry at them for doing this. We had always prided ourselves on our self-reliance and independence.

But as they grew older, so did my dislike of them grow. They became more brash and unruly than ever before. In one particularly embarrassing incident, my brothers were all fighting over a young lady from another village while I sat and watched with disgust. My father had to pull me away to calm me down. He knew what was happening in the village, but he still tried his best to make me feel like nothing bad could happen to us. He did not want us to feel scared or threatened by the other villagers.

But I could not help but worry about my brothers and sisters. They seemed so angry all of the time now, always fighting with each other over some petty thing. It was like they had forgotten who they really were: kind-hearted people who loved life and each other unconditionally. I began to wonder if something had gone wrong during their childhood that caused them to become so violent. Maybe they did not remember me being kind to them as a child, maybe it just never occurred to them to be kind at all.

I tried my best to talk to them about this change in behavior, but they would only laugh at me and call me silly. They refused to listen to anything I had to say, even when it was something that could help them see a different side of life. They thought that they were invincible because they were strong warriors. They believed that nothing could touch them or hurt them unless they wanted it to happen.

One evening, after spending some time with my father and mother, I returned home to find my brothers sitting around the fire telling stories about their conquests while drinking beer from a large wooden barrel. As soon as I walked into the room, they all looked at me with contempt and started making fun of me for being so weak-willed. They mocked my desire for peace and safety, saying that it was foolishness to think that such things existed in this world. Their words stung deeply because I knew they were right. The world was full of danger and violence, but I still wanted nothing more than for everyone to get along peacefully and live their lives without fear or worry.

As the night wore on, my brothers became louder and more belligerent towards one another. They argued over who had slain more dragons and won more battles, until finally, they all began fighting with each other in a drunken stupor. It was then that I realized how much they had changed from their days as children. These men were not kind or gentle anymore; instead, they were full of hatred and anger towards one another. And when it became clear that this fight would soon turn into a brawl, I decided to intervene before any real harm could be done.

I stepped between them all and told them loudly, “Enough!” My voice was stern and authoritative as I tried to gain their attention and stop the violence. They all stopped in their tracks and turned towards me with surprise on their faces. Seeing that I had gained their attention, I continued with a stern tone: “You are all my brothers, and I love each one of you very much. But this fighting must come to an end before it gets someone hurt or worse. Please stop fighting now and go back to your rooms.”

My words seemed to have some effect on them because they eventually calmed down enough so that I could get them all safely into their respective bedrooms without any further incidents occurring. After I had made sure that everyone was in bed safely, I went outside into the night air with my thoughts racing through my head. It was then that I finally understood what had happened to my brothers during their childhoods; they had become so angry and violent because of all of the fear they felt inside themselves due to living in such a dangerous world filled with constant threats of war or destruction from other powerful beings like giants or dragons. They had lost sight of who they truly were deep down at their cores: kind-hearted individuals who just wanted peace and love for everyone around them.