amed by black fur. The predator lunged forward in a pounce, aiming for its opponent’s flank. A white flash, like lightning, struck the air, splitting it wide open with the force of the clash. The sable hit the ground, unable to control its body after such a shock. It slid forward onto the muddy grass, limbs flailing helplessly as it tried to regain control over its body.

The white warrior circled around his opponent, careful not to lose track of him as he stumbled through the thick undergrowth. “Give up!” the black warrior shouted defiantly at his assailant. “You’re only going to get hurt more.”

“Not unless you keep hitting me with lightning,” the sable shot back at his opponent, struggling to stay upright. “I can take whatever you can throw at me.” The white warrior snorted at this proclamation of bravado from his foe, a smile curving his lips in response. He lifted his arm and focused energy into his hand again; as the electricity began to build up and crackle around him, he swung his hand forward and sent another bolt of lightning hurtling towards his opponent. The sable managed to dodge out of the way just in time, but was still knocked over by the force of the lightning. As it rolled down a gentle slope, the black furred warrior stood and watched as the white one came closer. “Why are you doing this?” he asked, gasping for breath.

The white warrior gave no reply; instead he smiled again, his eyes gleaming with mischief. He raised his fist and punched it into a tree, sending splinters flying in all directions. Then he ran towards the sable and leapt into the air, landing right on top of him. The two wrestled back and forth until finally the black-furred warrior pinned his opponent to the ground. “You can’t win this,” he said sternly. “No matter how hard you try, you will never beat me.” The sable gave a desperate cry as he struggled to break free from under the weight of his foe. Then with a sudden burst of strength and speed, he threw off his opponent and ran away into the darkness, leaving behind only footprints in the mud.