ies that made his life hell were gone. The assholes from his university, who tried to keep him down and out, were now six feet under. Even his mother-in-law was finally dead. It seemed like the universe had finally heard Jonathan’s prayers.
 
 But then he found himself alone. And all of those people he never got a chance to forgive for their sins came back to haunt him as visions in his head. He could see them, smell them and hear them. But they couldn’t see or hear him because they were dead. Jonathan was alone in the world with nothing but his own memories to keep him company.
 
 The longer he stayed there by himself, the worse things became. Jonathan started to hallucinate. He imagined that he saw them all around him. At first it was just the occasional shadow or noise but as time went on, they started to take shape. He began seeing people walking through walls and hearing voices that weren’t really there. It got so bad that Jonathan feared for his sanity.
 
 But eventually things took a turn for the worse when Jonathan realized that he was becoming possessed by their spirits. At first it wasn’t noticeable but soon enough, Jonathan found himself doing things that were completely out of character for him. He started making rude comments about people behind their backs and stealing small items from stores without realizing it. Eventually he even began acting out in violent ways towards others.
 
 It was clear that Jonathan was possessed by the spirits of those who had died during The End Days and something needed to be done about it before it got any worse than it already was. Jonathan finally admitted himself into an asylum where doctors worked tirelessly trying to free him from their influence while providing treatment for whatever mental issues he might have developed due to being alone for so long without help or support. Eventually they managed to exorcise most of the spirits and Jonathan was able to live a relatively normal life again thanks to their efforts.