vey single one of them. The sky itself had become covered with dark clouds. Lightning streaked from above and thunder crashed throughout the air. There was no hiding place from this storm. A few of the men who hadn’t ran for shelter were being struck by lightning. Their bodies shuddering in shock as they fell to the ground. This was no normal storm, this was Gods punishment for all Humanities sins.

One man was sitting on a log, he had decided to ignore the warnings of his fellow villagers and stayed outside, thinking it would be OK. It had taken the villagers by surprise when they saw him still there as the storm came in. The lightning started to get worse and one of the men knew what had to be done. He raised his hand toward the sky and called out the man’s name, “Thor”. With a snap of his fingers and a whisper of a chant he had brought the man inside to safety.

When Thor woke up in the morning he was greeted by an unusual sight. It didn’t rain the next day, in fact, it seemed that the clouds had finally cleared away and the sun began to shine down on the Earth. There was no lightning or thunder as they usually did after a storm like this one. The villagers all looked at each other in confusion, they were used to thunderstorms coming with great lightning and crashing thunder. It was their protection from the evil spirits that roamed the land. What could have happened?

When Thor came out of his house he saw something quite strange. There were no more clouds in the sky, the sun was shining brightly. He thought to himself “This isn’t right.” Something had gone wrong somewhere, and he knew it wasn’t natural. He called for his friend Loki and asked him what could have happened to cause this change. Loki shrugged, “I don’t know.” They both stood there in silence for a moment, trying to figure out what could be causing the strange weather pattern.

They walked around town looking at all the buildings and homes, checking for any signs of damage or anything unusual. The villagers were all talking about it as well, they were very curious about this change. No one had ever seen anything like this before. They went into a local tavern to talk with some of the other men in town, hoping that someone might know what was going on. One man said, “The gods must have done this. It must be some sort of punishment from them.” Another added, “Yes, I think you’re right. The gods are very powerful and they could do something like this to show their anger at us. We need to make amends for whatever we did that upset them so much.”

Thor thought about what the man had said. He knew that the gods were very powerful and they could definitely cause such a change in the weather. He also knew that it was up to him and his fellow Norsemen to find out what they had done wrong in order to make things right again with the gods. With that in mind, he set off on a journey with Loki by his side to try and figure out what had happened so that he could fix it before it got worse.