....

"Charlie?" asked his wife. "What are you thinking about?"

"Uh ... I was just wondering if we could go for a weekend trip to the beach."

She looked at him quizzically, then shook her head. She knew what he had been thinking. They didn't have enough money in their checking account to pay off all of his bills. They wouldn't be able to afford an extra expense like going to the beach. They weren't living within their means.

Charlie and his wife were not alone. A recent survey of more than 2,000 Americans by Harris Interactive revealed that a third of us live paycheck to paycheck with little or no savings. More than half have less than $1,000 in savings, while 67 percent of those who are married say they don't discuss their financial situation with their spouse.

When you are living from one pay period to the next, it can be difficult to save for future needs and impossible to cope when something unexpected happens - like an illness that prevents you from working or a car repair that puts a big dent in your budget. Living from paycheck to paycheck can also cause stress in your personal life. A study by the American Psychological Association found that money is one of the biggest causes of stress for Americans.

The good news is that there are steps you can take to get out of debt and save for a rainy day. Here's how to start:

1. Take control of your finances. If you want to get out of debt, you need to understand exactly where your money is going each month. Review your budget carefully, including all monthly expenses, like cable television, cell phone service, and even lunch with friends. Make cuts in unnecessary spending and use the extra cash to pay down your debts.
2. Pay off your credit card balances. Credit cards can be useful for short-term borrowing when you need to make a purchase now and don't have the cash available. But if you carry a balance from month to month, the interest charges can quickly add up and put you into debt. Paying off your credit card balances as soon as possible will help reduce the amount of interest you pay over time.
3. Save for an emergency fund. Life is unpredictable, and unexpected expenses like car repairs or medical bills can crop up at any time. An emergency fund can help you weather these financial setbacks without going into debt. Start by saving a few dollars each week until you have enough to cover three to six months of living expenses.