stomach lurched as I approached, my nerves jittering my fingers as I prepared to grab a tray. He was tall, with dark brown hair and light brown eyes that always seemed to be twinkling. I watched him with curiosity as he moved down the line. His name was Michael. I had heard people talking about him on the playground. They were mostly rumors but from what I had heard, he wasn’t a very nice person. The rumor was that he was the one who started the food fight earlier in the day and when one of the girls got hurt he just laughed as she cried. I didn’t believe all of it though because he seemed so nice. His smile was bright and friendly and his eyes always twinkled with a mischievous charm that drew me to him. It also helped that my best friend had a huge crush on him. She would do anything for him, even if she had to lie or steal things just to get his attention. I never wanted to do those kinds of things but watching her from the sidelines made me jealous.  Michael was cute and funny and kind and I loved talking with him whenever I saw him in the halls between classes.
   He didn’t seem like the type of person who would purposely hurt someone though, so maybe all the rumors about him were false. When it came time to take my tray, he was standing next to me at the end of the line. He turned around and smiled at me before reaching his arm out to help carry it for me. “Here,” he said with a smile that made my stomach flutter, “let me take that for you.” I nodded, blushing as I looked down at our joined hands. We walked through the cafeteria together, chatting about nothing in particular until we reached an empty table. He pulled out a chair for me and helped me sit down before taking his own seat next to mine. “So,” he started, leaning over so that our faces were almost touching, “what do you want for lunch today?” I blushed even harder as I looked away and took a deep breath to try and steady my racing heart. I cleared my throat before turning back to look at him, trying not to be embarrassed by the bright red color of my cheeks.  “I guess I’ll take the chicken nuggets with fries,” I mumbled. Michael grinned at me, his eyes sparkling with amusement. “Chicken nuggets with fries? That sounds good!” He exclaimed, his smile widening even more. I couldn’t help but feel myself getting giddier as he talked about the food we were going to eat. It was then that I realized just how much I liked spending time with Michael and how much I wanted him to like me too.