ly and wore sunglasses at all times, even when it was night. He seemed to be in his mid twenties. He was very friendly, if not a bit too excited about meeting me.
 
 He had brought me a gift: a small package of dried blueberries. I told him thank you but I don’t need anything. He insisted and so I took the gift.
 
 We sat down to chat. He seemed very eager to ask my opinion on many topics, including the latest news about Syria. I am not surprised that they would want to know what I think because I am a bit of an expert on such matters. He asked me about ISIS, the Russians and Assad’s regime and how it all fits together.
 
 After we finished talking about that he wanted to talk about my dreams. I was hesitant but he assured me that everything would be perfectly safe. I explained some of what I had seen in my dreams, especially those concerning the future. He said I should write them down as soon as possible after they occurred because the longer I waited the more likely I was to forget details. I told him I have been doing that for years now and still find it difficult to remember all the details.
 
 He said there are some things that don’t make sense in my dreams but may become clear with time and analysis. I agreed that some parts of my dreams were strange and not very easy to understand but other parts made perfect sense even if they seemed a bit odd at first glance. I told him that sometimes when I dream about the future it is like watching a movie on a big screen with all of its sights, sounds and smells. It’s as if my mind is experiencing everything just like an ordinary waking life would be experienced.
 
 He said that my dreams were probably quite accurate because they seemed very vivid to him as well. I told him that most people don’t believe in such things but I have had many experiences where my dreams came true later on down the road, usually within a few months or weeks of having the dream itself. He was impressed by this and said it was remarkable that someone could have such insight into events that would happen at some point in their life without any prior knowledge or warning of them happening.
 
 I told him I am just an ordinary person with extraordinary gifts. The fact that he believed me was reassuring because most people are very skeptical when I tell them about my abilities and refuse to believe that such things can exist outside of science fiction stories. It made me feel good that at least one other person understood what it means for someone like myself who has been blessed with these abilities from birth to try their best each day despite all odds against us succeeding in life because our minds see beyond what others do not understand yet until given proof otherwise by someone else willing enough take time out of their busy schedule just listen patiently without judgement or preconceived notions based off personal bias instead simply allowing themselves open enough mindset towards possibility exist outside current reality standards set forth by society norms currently accepted as fact despite lack evidence proving same true statement made initially about existence outside said boundaries