I went to see him in his new home. We talked, caught up, then headed down the road for a walk along some trails.

As we walked, we discussed all manner of things, but after a while, our conversation turned to family. He had recently lost his father, and was still grieving. As we sat on a bench overlooking a field, he said to me that he'd been thinking about his dad lately, and he wished he could have told him some important things before he passed. He asked if I thought it was important to tell people the things you want them to know while they are still here.

I stopped for a moment as I pondered the question, then said yes. "You always need to say the things that are in your heart, while the person is still with you," I told him. "Tell them how much you love them, and any other things that may be important." We sat there, and continued our conversation for a while longer, but I couldn't stop thinking about his question.

How many of us have thought about something we wanted to tell someone, but never got around to it? It could be as simple as saying how much you love them, or letting them know that they've made an impact in your life. Or it may be more complicated, like expressing feelings or forgiveness for things that happened long ago. Some people think they have all the time in the world, and they don't need to say anything today, because tomorrow will do fine. Others wait until they are convinced of just the right words to say, and then feel their moment has passed. But sometimes we run out of tomorrows, and there isn't time for that perfect sentence or eloquent speech. We just have a chance now, and it's up to us to take advantage of that opportunity.

We all need to understand how fleeting our time with each other can be, and not assume that we always have more time. Sometimes people live their entire life without ever telling someone the most important thing in their heart. They go to their grave knowing they never said what needed to be said, because they thought there would be another day. And yet sometimes those other days don't come. Don't make the mistake of thinking you will have time to tell them later. Do it now while you still can.