I have every morning to get ready for school and to remember to eat breakfast, she talks on about their gossip. It doesn’t matter if I can barely swallow a piece of toast in time to get the bus; she has to fill her day with chatter, like some empty vase needing to be filled with water.
 
 The bus ride is terrible. I have never been so miserable in my life. Squashed into a seat between two other people, I look at the scenery whiz by through the windows and wonder what it would be like if I could just live there. Would it be different? I don’t think so. But then again, what do I know about living anywhere else but here? Nothing.
 
 I walk down the street to school every day, along a road that was once the main highway of our town, and stare at all the houses on both sides. Their doors are open, and people come in and out of them. I wonder if they ever feel the same way as I do: trapped inside a prison of their own making. I hate the thought.
 
 School is just as bad as ever; it’s just another place where I am forced to be someone else than who I really am. It’s an act that never ends, and I am tired of pretending to be something that I am not. If only I had wings so that I could fly away from here…
 
 Then the bell rings, signaling the end of another day in this hell hole called school. As I walk out of my classroom, I see the same people who have been there every day since we started school. They are all still trapped in their little world of cliques and popularity contests. It’s like they are stuck in time; they never seem to change or grow as individuals.
 
I am so glad that I will soon be graduating from this prison, never to return again. As the days go by, it is getting harder and harder for me to stay sane with all of these people who refuse to understand or accept my differences. It’s like they want nothing more than for me to conform into their narrow-minded ideas about who I should be. But that isn’t going to happen; I am proud of who I am, flaws and all, because being true to yourself is the most important thing in life.