bit slower than expected though. 
 Turn off at Junction 18 and head south towards Bath, yep, just done that.  
 Follow signs for Wells, check - OK. 
 Cross bridge, yes, the road narrows quite a lot there and the car behind me slows down.  
 Take second turning on right after crossing bridge, yes I see it now.  
 Drive up hill, that's all of about 10 yards. 
 Turn right at T-junction. 
 Follow signs for Glastonbury. 
 Just before the town is a brown sign for Street and the Monster Park, we are here! 

I can see a small car park with cars parked in it but I really have no idea where to go.  There is nobody about but a couple of gates across from the car park that looks like they lead into the woods.   The park is called Butlin Ridge Nature Reserve, well worth visiting if you are in this area, and there is information on a board at the entrance but it does not include any clues as to where the trail is.  I step over a wooden stile and onto the trail and then stop dead in my tracks.   I have to walk through a field of cattle!   There are no fences or gates just a path leading through the middle.  The cows, many of them, are grazing quite happily not looking up from their lunch at all.  There is another wooden stile on the far side and I carefully follow the trail across the field to the stile.   Once over it, there is a track leading downhill towards some woods.  I can see the next wooden stile in front of me and then I see the blue arrow pointing to my left.  Oh yes, that's it, off I go through the woods!

It is very peaceful here although I am sharing this trail with many other people but we are all keeping our distance and being careful not to get too close to each other.  There are several wooden sculptures along the way which look very realistic.   I wonder if any of them have names or even if they represent anyone in particular?  The trail is quite narrow and there are lots of trees so it's fairly dark even though the sun is shining outside.  It takes me about half an hour to reach the end where I find the most amazing wooden sculpture, it is huge!   It is very realistic and looks like a life-size figure of Goliath holding a small David in his hand.  There are more statues around the sculpture including a couple of animals, another small boy and a warrior.  I walk further along to discover another statue of David holding up his slingshot.   After taking some photos I turn back the way I came and after passing through the woods again I find myself back at my car.    A very interesting trail and a great day out in a beautiful area of Somerset, highly recommended!