ancy (math and geometry). It was very therapeutic after a long day of work. Suddenly, I looked up and noticed that there were different colors in the patterns! They went from black, to blue, to green, to yellow...
 
  The color-changing ink pen has always fascinated me, so I pulled out my camera to get some shots of the doodling in action. But, as I zoomed in and looked closer at what was on the paper, I noticed that the colors were changing in a very systematic way. What you see below is only one pattern of circles; there are actually three separate patterns.
 
  The first row has blue and black ink; the second row has green and yellow; and finally, the third row consists of red and white. I decided to call these different colors "colors" because they really did look like they were changing in a very distinct way. It's pretty cool! The best part? They only happen when I draw them on paper with this pen! So you can create your own color-changing art whenever you want!
 
  I had never seen anything like this before so I went online and did some research about color changing pens. I found out that they work by using a special type of ink that reacts to moisture in the air or on your skin when it dries. This causes an electrochemical reaction which changes its color from black (when dry) to blue (when wet). It's kind of like magic! There are many different types and brands available, some with more than one color change. Some even have multiple colors that appear depending on how the pen is used or held. They make great gifts for kids and adults alike because everyone loves seeing something change right in front of their eyes!

  Color changing pens are a really fun way to add some excitement to any art project. Whether you're doodling designs with them, writing messages in different colors, or just experimenting with their unique properties, they make for hours of creative play. They also provide a great opportunity for children to learn about science and chemistry in an entertaining manner. Their bright colors will surely capture the attention of young minds and inspire curiosity!