der way than it had just 15 minutes ago when he won an Oscar for his portrayal of a doomed environmental activist in The Revenant. Now the actor was beaming like a proud father at the announcement that Brie Larson’s performance as a mother who kidnaps and locks her son away in Room was awarded Best Actress, but it wasn’t the accolade that he had come to celebrate with his fellow nominee. Instead, DiCaprio looked positively ecstatic that Larson had won the Oscar. “That is so great,” he said with genuine delight, throwing an arm around her shoulder and giving her a big hug.

DiCaprio’s elation was probably not entirely about the fact that his friend Brie Larson had just received the highest award of her career. The actor was likely also feeling some relief at having won his own Oscar, which he has been chasing since 1994 when he was nominated for Best Supporting Actor in What’s Eating Gilbert Grape. This year’s Academy Awards were DiCaprio’s sixth nomination and the actor finally took home a golden statue. He had an almost palpable sense of giddiness about him as he walked to the stage to accept his Oscar for Best Actor, and then he continued that joy well past the podium as he darted around the Dolby Theatre, shaking hands and posing for pictures with excited fans.

It’s hard not to get swept up in DiCaprio’s exuberance and charm. He looks like a man who has been waiting his entire life for this moment. DiCaprio is one of those rare movie stars who can make an appearance feel special simply by being there, and his genuine enthusiasm at the Academy Awards was infectious. His excitement to celebrate with all of the other winners of the night — from Mark Rylance, who won Best Supporting Actor for Bridge of Spies, to Sam Smith, who took home the award for Best Original Song for Spectre’s “Writings on the Wall” — made him seem like one of us. Not an untouchable movie star with a beautiful girlfriend and a big house in the Hollywood Hills, but just someone we want to hang out with. DiCaprio was having so much fun at the Oscars that it was hard not to smile right along with him.