ic and cybernetic engineers have worked for years now on developing a neural interface that is compatible with her brain, we tried your system and it failed miserably. I will not risk our best weapon, the one asset that could give us victory over our enemies by trusting you to interface her systems with yours. ''
  Atlans voice crackled and hissed over the communication channel `` If you would just let me demonstrate I am sure that you would change your mind, my system is far superior than anything else currently available for integration with any cybernetic construct. It's self repairing and will be able to handle the high speeds that she is capable of running at. ''
  `` No! You have had every opportunity to prove yourself over the last few months but you keep failing us, we hired you because you were a genius programmer, I want proof that your system can actually work with her cybernetic parts without causing permanent damage or errors that could be exploited by our enemies. I know that you are frustrated and upset, but that is no excuse for your arrogance. ''
  Atlans voice was clipped and terse as he responded `` You have wasted so much of my time and talent, I am the best programmer in this facility and yet you seem determined to prove otherwise. I have done everything I could do to prove myself to you and you still refuse to give me a chance to show that my system is superior to all others. If you would just let me work with her for a few days I know that I could show you how much more advanced my code really is and why it would be the best choice to use when integrating with her cybernetics. ''
  `` No! Atlans I am sorry if I have hurt your feelings or made you feel unappreciated, but we are under a deadline to get her up and running as soon as possible. I understand that you are frustrated by your inability to convince us of the superiority of your system but I am not going to risk her safety by using something that has not been fully tested and proven to be safe. Your system is far too complex for me to even begin to comprehend how it could possibly work with her systems, and as long as we are testing it there is always the possibility that we would find flaws in it that could cause problems or vulnerabilities in the future. Please understand that I am doing what's best for all of us, we can't afford any errors or mistakes at this point because if something were to go wrong with her systems during a battle it would mean certain defeat for our forces and could have devastating consequences for our entire society. ''