that it seemed like the Dark Ages. I was in the middle of nowhere with no clue where I was or how I got there. My head felt like a train had crashed into it, but I managed to stand on wobbly legs. My vision blurred for a few seconds before clearing up.

“Why are you not dead?” The voice came from behind me.
I spun around and saw the person who had asked me the question. It was a girl with long black hair that went all the way down her back. She had wide green eyes, an aquiline nose and high cheekbones. Her skin was pale with faint freckles.
“Because I am not dead.” I answered back. “Who are you?” I added as an afterthought.
The girl rolled her eyes. “My name is Lady Evelyn de Rochford, a member of the House of Lords and heir to one of the most powerful families in England. And if I were you, I would not have been so rude. You are lucky that I am feeling generous at the moment or I would have killed you for daring to insult me.”
I felt my face burning with embarrassment as I took a step back. “My apologies.” I said quickly. “I did not mean any disrespect. It is just that I am confused by this whole situation. Please forgive me.”
Lady Evelyn stared at me for several seconds, probably deciding if she should kill me or not, before she finally nodded. “Very well. I will forgive you this time. But you had better behave in the future.”
I felt a sigh of relief as I nodded eagerly. “Yes, my lady. I promise to be on my best behavior from now on.”
Lady Evelyn narrowed her eyes suspiciously at me for a moment before she finally broke into a smile. “Very well. Since you have proven yourself so obedient I will answer your question. I am Lady Evelyn de Rochford, heir to one of the most powerful families in England and member of the House of Lords. My father was Lord William de Rochford. We lived near the forest of Wye and my father loved hunting. One day we were out riding when a man came running towards us shouting that our castle had been attacked. He told us that a group of bandits had taken all of our treasure. When we got back to the castle, I realized that someone was missing.” Lady Evelyn paused for a moment before she continued. “I went through the castle and found my father’s study. The door was open and there were signs of struggle. When I looked around, I saw that someone had been dragged out by their feet. Then I saw it. A bloody dagger protruding from his chest. My father had been murdered.”
Lady Evelyn’s voice cracked with emotion as she relived that day. Her eyes were filled with tears and her lips trembled with anger and sorrow. For a moment, it seemed like she was going to break down into sobs but then she took a deep breath and composed herself. She wiped away the tears from her face before continuing.
“After my father’s death, I vowed to find and punish whoever had done this terrible thing. With the help of some friends, we tracked them down and brought them to justice.” Lady Evelyn paused for a moment and then she continued in a more subdued tone. “It was difficult, but we managed to capture all of them. I took great delight in watching them being hung by their necks. It was the only way I could find any closure from what had happened.”
I felt my heart breaking as Lady Evelyn’s story unfolded. I couldn’t imagine losing my father so suddenly and unexpectedly like that. I reached out and took her hand in mine, giving it a gentle squeeze. “I am sorry for your loss,” I said sincerely.
Lady Evelyn looked up at me with tear-filled eyes. “Thank you,” she said gratefully. “It means so much to know that someone else understands what I’ve been through.”