irstyling tool that was on my nightstand. My hair was long and curly. It didn’t matter what kind of product I used, it always had a mind of its own. I combed through my curls with the brush and plugged in the curling iron. The hiss as the coil heated up told me that it was ready to use. 

I got a towel and washed my face before heading for the shower. The hot water was perfect for getting me awake and energized for the day. I could feel the warmth soothe away my sleepiness. A quick scrubbing of my hair and body later, I was stepping out of the shower. I patted my skin dry with a towel before wrapping it around my hair to let the heat from it dry.

I made sure that I didn’t have any water droplets on me as I walked towards the bathroom vanity where I had set out my makeup. My usual routine of foundation, mascara and lipstick was completed quickly since I was running a little behind schedule. A swipe of perfume later and I headed to the kitchen for breakfast.

I grabbed an apple from the fruit bowl and a glass of orange juice. After drinking half the glass, I sat down at the table to eat my breakfast. My phone started vibrating in my pocket so I reached for it and saw that I had a text message from my boyfriend. It was just a quick hello and good morning text but it made me smile. He always seemed to have this way of making my day brighter with just a few words. After eating my breakfast, I went back into the bedroom to get dressed and ready for work.

I picked out a nice dress that was both professional and comfortable. My shoes were comfortable heels so that I would be able to walk around all day without any problems. A quick spray of perfume and I was ready to go. I headed towards the door, grabbed my purse and keys, and headed for the car.

As I drove to work, I thought about how grateful I am for my boyfriend. He always brightens my day with his kind words and supportive attitude. It’s hard to believe that I found such a great man like him. The drive was quick and before long I was parking my car in the lot of the office building where I worked.

I made my way up to my desk, greeted all my coworkers, and got ready for another day of work. My boyfriend’s text message still making me feel warm inside.