inka looked up at the young woman. She was quite pretty, and probably no older than herself. Her hair was a dark brown color, though, not the blond hair of a typical faerie. In her hands she clutched a book which seemed to have an endless amount of pages. 
 
 
 `` Sorry.'' Tinka replied. `` I was reading it and didn't even notice you.'' The girl gave a little smile. It made the dark circles under her eyes that much more evident. Her clothes were old, not in need of repair or replacement so much as they were just plain old. 
 
 
 `` That's quite alright. I've been here for awhile. Not very long, but long enough to notice the lack of courtesy in those who enter.'' She opened her book again and began reading, not even glancing in Tinka's direction as she spoke. 
 
 
 `` Why do you keep such old clothes? Don't you have anything new?'' 
 
 
 The girl gave a little chuckle. `` I have plenty of new clothes, but I always end up tearing them on my first mission. They become very useful as bandages and the like when your weapons miss their target.'' She raised her eyebrow at Tinka. `` Don't you usually wear armor?'' 
 
 
 Tinka blushed a little. She was wearing armor, but it was not the standard armor of the faerie warriors. She had never taken to the idea of armor that restricted her movements in battle. Instead she wore a simple leather cuirass with metal plates for protection. She had always found it more comfortable and less restricting than heavy plate mail. 
 
 
 `` Yes, but this armor is a bit different from most faerie warrior's armor.'' She ran her fingers along the side of the armor, feeling the soft leather against her fingertips. The metal plates were small and made of steel instead of iron or steel alloy. They didn't offer as much protection as the standard armor of other warriors, but they were quite light and flexible. 
 
 
 The girl looked at the armor with a bit of interest. She knew faerie warrior's armor was usually made from a special kind of metal that had magical properties. But she had never seen it made from such a lightweight material before. `` Is it comfortable?'' she asked. 
 
 
 Tinka smiled. `` Yes, very much so. It fits me quite well and the leather is soft enough that I can move around in it without any problems.'' 
 
 
 The girl nodded in agreement. She had never really considered trying on faerie warrior armor before, but she thought it might be worth a try. Maybe she would feel more comfortable with her body if she wore something like this. `` It looks pretty nice,'' she said, running her fingers along the metal plates. 
 
 
 Tinka looked at her proudly. `` Yes, it is very well-made.'' She reached up and touched the metal plate on her shoulder. The metal was surprisingly lightweight for what it was. `` It feels as though you could wear it all day without feeling any discomfort.'' 
 
 
 The girl smiled at Tinka's praise. Her armor had been made by a master craftsman and it was definitely one of her prized possessions. She felt quite proud of it when she wore it in battle. `` Yes, it is quite lightweight for what it does,'' she said happily. 
 
 
 Tinka nodded in agreement. `` Faerie warrior armor is made from a special kind of metal that has magical properties which make it strong and durable, yet still very lightweight.'' She looked down at the plate on her shoulder again, admiring its beauty. `` It does an excellent job protecting us in battle.'' 
 
 
 The girl nodded in agreement once more. Faerie warrior armor was quite amazing stuff indeed. It did such a good job of protecting those who wore it that it was practically magical itself. She could only imagine how much better she would feel wearing something like this into battle. `` Yes, I can see why you would love wearing it,'' she said with admiration. 
 
 
 Tinka smiled happily at the compliment and ran her fingers over the plate once more before putting it back on. She loved her armor dearly; it had kept her safe in many a battle and she was very proud of what it represented: strength, courage, honor, and loyalty to one's friends and family alike. It gave her confidence in times when she may have felt otherwise. `` I can honestly say that this armor has served me well in battle,'' she said with a smile. 
 
 
 The girl nodded in agreement once more. Faerie warrior armor was truly an amazing thing; it provided protection, strength, and courage to those who wore it into battle. It was certainly something worth cherishing and admiring for all its worth. `` Yes,'' she said with a nod of understanding. `` Faerie warrior armor is definitely something worth taking pride in.''