the shades of red and purple and orange. The leaves on the trees are just turning colors but there are a few bright yellow ones still clinging to their branches.

“It is so beautiful here,” she says, looking around at the woods. I nod my head, but I know it isn’t just for her. It is for me too. I smile, “Yes, it sure is.”

We stand there in silence and look out at the valley. The river crashes against the rocks down below us and I can almost smell the waterfall as we watch the mist drift over. She grabs my hand and squeezes tight. My heart stops for a second and then starts racing faster than it ever has before.

“I just love this place,” she says, leaning her head into mine. “It is so peaceful here.” I nod my head again, not knowing what else to do or say. She takes a deep breath of the crisp autumn air and smiles at me. We stand there for a few more minutes until eventually one of us has to speak.

“I know it’s been awhile since we last spoke,” she finally says, breaking the silence between us. I nod again because I have no idea what else to do. I don’t want to ruin this moment by saying anything wrong or stupid, but I also don’t want her to think that I’m not interested in talking with her anymore. So I just smile and nod my head, letting the silence stretch out between us for a few more minutes.

Finally, she breaks it by continuing on with what she was saying before. “I know we haven’t talked much lately, but I just wanted you to know how much I appreciate our friendship.” She smiles at me again and I feel my heart start to melt inside of me. The feeling is so foreign and new that I don’t quite know how to handle it. All I can do is smile back at her and nod my head in agreement.

“I really do,” she continues, “You have always been such a wonderful friend to me.” Her eyes fill with tears as she says this and I feel myself start to well up inside as well. We stand there for a few more minutes without speaking, letting the moment stretch out between us before eventually saying our goodbyes.

As we walk back down the trail towards the car park, I can’t help but think about how different things are now than they were when we first met. Back then, it was easy to see each other often and always had something to talk about. But as life has gone on and our circumstances have changed, it has become more difficult for us to stay in touch with one another. I guess that is just part of growing up though, isn’t it? We grow apart from some people while getting closer to others. And even though things may not always be easy or perfect between us, I am so glad that we have this special friendship.