udge out to my car.

After driving a few miles, I stopped and stood outside the vehicle for a moment. The night air was so still; I could hear each individual cricket chirp in the surrounding wooded area. It was almost magical. A cool breeze brushed against my skin sending shivers up and down my spine. I stood there until the feeling subsided then began to walk around the car.

I noticed a large moth resting on the roof of the car as I approached it. The small creature looked quite tired. Its wings were outstretched and slightly wilted. I moved in close and marveled at the design of its body. It's wings were so beautiful. Each one was covered with a different pattern. Some had lines; others looked more like spots. But each one was unique.

I reached up and gently touched its antennae with my index finger. It startled slightly but remained motionless. I stared into its eyes. They seemed to glow in the dim light of my flashlight. The moth stayed perfectly still as I continued to stroke its wing. It didn't seem to mind me touching it at all.

I thought about what I was doing for a minute then asked aloud, "What are you? Where do you come from? How long have you been here?" But of course there was no response from the moth. The only thing it did was move its antennae slightly and blink its eyes once or twice.

I smiled as I realized that this little creature had absolutely no idea who I was or why I was standing next to its car. It probably couldn't comprehend any of my questions either. It just wanted food, rest and protection from the elements. That was all it understood in this moment. Nothing more, nothing less.

As I stood there looking at the moth, a sudden realization hit me like a ton of bricks. *We are all like that little moth*, I thought to myself. We don't fully understand who we are or why we are here on this planet. We just want to live our lives as best we can, eat well and be protected from harm. That is what most of us desire deep down inside.

And yet, many of us spend our lives striving for more than that. We constantly try to achieve bigger goals, greater successes and higher statuses. But at the end of it all, what truly matters? Is it having the fanciest car or house? Or does it lie in making sure that we are happy and content with life?

I think back to my time spent watching this little moth. It taught me an important lesson about life: To find joy in simple things; like a beautiful sunset, a gentle breeze on your face or even just the sound of chirping crickets at night. To appreciate all that we have right now instead of always striving for something else. And most importantly, to remember that sometimes it's okay to take a break and rest like a tired moth on a warm car roof.