urls me towards certain death, I find myself thinking of all the people who have ever wronged me, of the people who did not deserve a second chance and now have one, and most importantly, I find myself wishing that someone was at my side to comfort me as I die.

I never wanted to end up here, but in retrospect it was inevitable. The people that surrounded me were selfish and insincere; they only took advantage of me whenever possible. It makes me laugh now because if only they could see me now, so weak and helpless, then maybe they would be ashamed of how they treated me. I should have known better to trust them. After all, who in their right mind would be friends with someone as weak and stupid as me? They were the ones who convinced me that this was a good idea; they were the ones who brought me here. The irony is not lost on me. I am dying because of my own stupidity, my own naiveté, my own foolishness. If only I had listened to myself and stayed away from them. Now it ’ s too late.

I never wanted this for myself. All I wanted was a friend, someone who would understand me when no one else could. Someone who I could trust with all of my heart because they deserved it. That is why it hurt so much when they betrayed me; the pain and disappointment ran through every vein in my body. They were the ones I had trusted with my life, and they had taken advantage of that trust. Now I am lying here, waiting for my life to be taken away from me. I will never get a second chance; this is it. The end. The final moment of my existence on earth. It ’ s ironic that the last thing I think about as I die is all the people who have hurt me along the way. If only they could see me now, so weak and helpless, then maybe they would realize what a horrible mistake they made by treating me the way they did.

I never wanted this for myself but it was inevitable. The people around me were selfish and insincere; they only took advantage of me whenever possible. It makes me laugh now because if only they could see me now, so weak and helpless, then maybe they would be ashamed of how they treated me. They were the ones who convinced me that this was a good idea; they were the ones who brought me here. The irony is not lost on me. I am dying because of my own stupidity, my own naiveté, my own foolishness. If only I had listened to myself and stayed away from them. Now it ’ s too late.