Where am I?

I was on a throne that appeared to be carved from gold. It seemed strange, but I wasn’t very concerned about it. At least not yet. My clothes were fine- a blue and black dress with golden buttons running down the front. Even though I had never seen them before, they felt comfortable. The hall was decorated in gold as well. All around me were small statues of various creatures, all made from gold. It appeared to be very ornate.

The entire hall was lit by a bright blue light coming from above my head. In the center of the ceiling was a large circular glass dome, like the ones on top of skyscrapers. Only this one was shaped like an upside-down cone. It also had many lights inside. I assumed that’s where the light was coming from. The floor was a solid gold slab that made me feel very proud and important. It seemed to be glowing slightly, almost as if it were a stage.

I glanced around the hall and saw a few other thrones identical to mine, only with different people sitting in them. One of the thrones sat an old man who looked like he was either sick or dying. Another one sat an elderly woman who looked just as bad. There was another throne that had a young boy sitting on it, looking bored. He kept playing with some sort of device that I could only assume to be some kind of gaming system. The last person was sitting on her own throne. She wore a golden dress, and a crown adorned with gemstones sat upon her head. She seemed very beautiful, but there was something wrong with her face. It looked slightly distorted, like it had been stretched and pulled in a weird way. It didn’t look right, and I couldn’t take my eyes off of it for some reason.

She glanced over at me and smiled. Her teeth were perfect, pearly white, and very straight. “Hello,” she said, her voice sounding sweet and soft, but with a hint of authority. “My name is Queen Elizabeth the First. It’s so nice to see someone new here in our realm.”

“Your Majesty…” I tried to reply, but my mouth felt dry and tight. She seemed so kind and warm, that I felt myself becoming giddy with excitement. She smiled again, this time even wider than before. “Oh don’t be nervous,” she said, waving her hand dismissively. “Everyone gets nervous their first time here in the royal court.”

“I apologize for being rude,” I replied sheepishly. Her majesty laughed lightly at my response, and then stood up from her throne. She walked over to me and placed a gentle hand on my shoulder. It felt warm against my skin, almost comforting. “Don’t worry about it,” she said reassuringly. “You have nothing to be sorry for.”

“But I don’t remember anything…” I trailed off, not really wanting to bring up the subject of my memory loss. Queen Elizabeth just nodded sympathetically. “It’s quite common here in the royal court,” she said with a soft voice. “Many of our subjects come to us without any recollection of who they were or where they came from.”

I stared at her, feeling overwhelmed and confused. She must have seen the look on my face because she gave me an understanding smile. “It’s OK,” she said comfortingly. “You will learn everything you need to know here in this place.” She gestured around us with her hand, indicating the grand hall we were standing in. “This is your new home now. The Royal Court of England. It’s a place where you can start anew, without any memories of your past.”

She walked back over to her throne and sat down gracefully, her gown flowing out behind her. I felt a strange mixture of fear and excitement at the thought of being here in this new world. As soon as she was seated again, Queen Elizabeth turned her attention towards me once more with a warm smile on her face. “Welcome to our realm,” she said softly, extending her hand out towards mine. I took it without thinking twice, feeling comforted by the warmth and strength of her grip. Her eyes sparkled with joy as she looked at me expectantly. “Now tell me about yourself.”