anescent light years and he'd even known the angle of attack. Yet he'd still managed to fail in his mission. His mind had failed him, and he knew it. But at least now, he was more aware than ever. He was awake now, more alive than before. It was as if God had decided to make one last effort at converting Sebastian. For a brief moment he thought of God's intervention as nothing but irony, the ultimate cosmic joke that would forever plague his mind and torture his soul. But no, he wasn't like that, he wouldn't let himself fall into such a pit. The fact of the matter was, God was truly testing him in his final moments of life. So what was he supposed to do? Did he run away from it all? No, he had already run for far too long, it was time to face his fate head on. As soon as this thought had crossed his mind, a surge of power flooded through his body and he was suddenly lifted high into the air by an invisible force. Sebastian's eyes widened in shock as he looked around him in confusion. The sun was shining down on him like a spotlight and for some reason the sky was glowing orange. It was then that he realized what was happening, God was testing him one last time. He had given him this chance to prove himself worthy of everlasting life, it was now or never. Sebastian knew that if he failed, he would be condemned to an eternity in hell and his soul would burn forever. With a deep breath, he gathered all of his courage and stepped forward with a resolve in his mind. He raised his hand high into the air and extended his middle finger towards God, defiantly daring Him to punish him for his sins. The wind suddenly picked up around him as if in response and Sebastian's body began to shake violently. It was then that he heard a loud booming voice that echoed throughout the universe. ``You have passed my test with flying colors, I am proud of you,'' said God. ``And now I grant you everlasting life.'' With those words, Sebastian knew that everything would be alright after all. The pain and suffering he had endured were finally coming to an end; he had made it through the fire and come out stronger on the other side. He was filled with joy as he smiled at God, feeling thankful for the opportunity of redemption that had been granted him. It was then that Sebastian knew without a doubt that there is indeed life after death.