itiveness personified. A type-A personality in every sense of the phrase. So it should come as no surprise that when I started racing bikes, I would not be satisfied until I was the best. I wanted to crush my competitors and be known as the fastest racer on the planet.  I had only a few years left before I would age out of youth cycling. There wasn’t time for anything except to go hard or go home.
 
 One day while I was training with some of the best riders in the country, I heard one of them mention the name “Team Novo Nordisk”. The other guys didn’t have much of an opinion about them. It was like they had no idea who they were, so I decided to look into them for myself.  I went home and began reading about this team.  And it took my breath away.  It was the most inspiring thing I’d ever heard.  Team Novo Nordisk is the first all-diabetes professional cycling team in the world.  They take Type 1 diabetics, put them on bikes and teach them how to become the best athletes that they can possibly be.  Not only are they inspiring because of what they do for Type 1 diabetics, but they’re also killing it when it comes to racing!
 
 I was so intrigued by these guys that I went on their website and emailed them with a few questions.  They were very nice and answered all of my questions in great detail.  After a bit more research and conversation with them, I decided that I wanted to join the team.  Team Novo Nordisk is one of the best teams out there when it comes to diabetes and cycling.  It’s an incredible opportunity for me to be a part of this team.  I’m so excited about what we can do together!
 
 But, Team Novo Nordisk is more than just an awesome team with talented athletes.  They are a group that has come together with one goal in mind: to help people with diabetes live life on their own terms and prove that nothing can stop them.  Their motto is “Life is short. Get out there and live it!” This motto really resonates with me because I love living life to the fullest and doing what makes me happy.  It’s great to be around people who have such a positive attitude and are so passionate about what they do.
 
 When I decided that I wanted to join Team Novo Nordisk, I had no idea how much it would change my perspective on life.  These amazing athletes inspire me every day with their strength and resilience in the face of adversity.  They have taught me that nothing is impossible if you set your mind to it and never give up.  Being a part of this team has shown me how truly special these people are.  They are an inspiration to anyone struggling with diabetes or any other challenge in life.  Their story is one worth sharing because their courage, determination and strength will inspire anyone who hears it.