—

I can’t do this! This story sucks. It’s awful. No one would want to read this. I should give up writing. Maybe I just suck at being creative. I should never have tried this. I feel like such an idiot. Everyone must hate me. And maybe they’re right. Why should anyone ever listen to what I have to say?

And then, suddenly:

I can do this! This story is great. It’s awesome! Readers will love it. The reviews will be stellar. People will talk about the book for years after. And maybe some day people will look back and say that my writing really did make a difference. I just need to keep working at it, keep getting better with each new story. I have a gift of creativity; I should keep using it. And when the writing is hard, remember how much you love what you do. Never give up. Keep pushing through, keep moving forward, no matter what.

Which one was your inner voice? Both are very common voices we have in our heads. I know both well—all too well. I’ve spent my whole life struggling with my inner critic and my inner cheerleader, often battling them at the same time. When I first started writing, the inner critic won more battles than not. It was brutal. Every rejection letter, every negative comment, every person who laughed at me when I said “I’m a writer” only strengthened the critic’s voice in my head. I wanted to give up so many times. The cheerleader, meanwhile, was pretty quiet, probably afraid of getting hurt if it spoke too loud or too often.

But as I kept writing and reading and learning about writing, and as I started to see some successes and meet other writers who encouraged me, the voice of my inner cheerleader grew stronger. And as that happened, my inner critic became less scary. It still exists and tries to hold me back sometimes—after all, it is there to protect me from getting hurt—but now when I hear its voice I have enough confidence in myself that I can ignore it or at least give it some pushback. It’s amazing what we can do when we believe in ourselves!

I encourage you to listen for your inner voices this week: the critic, the cheerleader, and anything else that might be speaking up. Which one is louder? Is there another voice trying to break through? Do you need to silence the critic or give the cheerleader a boost? Once you start paying attention to your inner voices, you can start building confidence in yourself as a writer and creating the life of writing that you want to live.