ars had been at this all morning, and he had not come up with any idea for their conversation. They were both small women, dressed in black dresses, which gave them the look of two slim and very slender gothic dolls. Neither one said much, except to grunt when they had to lift a box or shift it from one side to another. It was only on the third time that Coruscan did n't say anything about what he wanted them to do that he finally got them to talk.

`` We can t do this all day long,'' said the dark-haired woman, as she and her companion put down the box they were carrying. `` This isn't how we were told it would be.''

Coruscan paused in his digging. He had not even begun to make a dent in the concrete floor. The two women were very strong for their size, and while he did not think that they could have done much damage against him in any kind of fight, they were certainly not to be taken lightly. They had been working steadily for almost four hours now, and so far had only managed to make a single hole about the size of his thumb. `` You didn t say how long it would take you to break down this wall,'' said Coruscan, as he returned to his work. He was careful to avoid looking at them directly. The black dresses they were wearing might have been meant to hide their figure but they did n't. They clung tightly to the two of them, showing off the curves and the smooth lines of their bodies. Both women were extremely attractive, despite their lack of words. Coruscan had seen this kind of thing before, back when he was still a boy. The older girls would pretend not to like the younger ones, but they did. He knew that because it had happened with him, and he also knew that if given enough time he could make it happen with these two.

The dark-haired woman gave him a slight smile. `` I thought we'd be able to break through this wall in no time. It doesn t even look like real concrete.'' She pointed at the hole she and her companion had made so far. It was barely wide enough for Coruscan s hand to fit through, but it would have been impossible to make that kind of a hole with just one hammer. `` I guess we've underestimated you,'' said the second woman. `` We should have known better.'' She shook her head as if she were trying to clear something from her mind. Coruscan said nothing, but he could feel the excitement building up inside of him as he continued to pound away at the wall. He was going to break through this barrier, and when he did he was going to be rewarded for his efforts.