irens went off, blaring Happy Birthday!  It was my ninth birthday.

That day I had asked for a pair of roller skates for my birthday. Roller skating had always been one of my favorite activities so that morning, I eagerly opened the present to discover a new pair of beautiful pink skates.  Even though I couldn’t wait to get on them, first there were cake and presents to open.

My mother went into the living room to open the gift that I had brought for her.  It was a lovely bouquet of daisies in a vase. My father helped me take her present to her and watched as she carefully removed the wrapping paper.  He could see that it was something from a store we rarely frequented, so he smiled in anticipation as his wife held the small box up for him to see.  I had seen the gift at this particular store earlier in the week and remembered how excited she was when she saw it.

My mother lifted the lid of the box to reveal a gorgeous bracelet that sparkled in the sunlight.  The gold chain glistened as the gems were perfectly lined up against it. I smiled happily, knowing that she would love this gift as much as I had loved watching her pick it out. She put the bracelet on and admired it for a few moments.

My father then took his turn opening presents, receiving a tie and some golf balls from me and a new wallet and a book of stamps from my mother.  We went back and forth until we had all received our gifts.  My parents thanked us profusely for the gifts that we gave them and we did the same in return for theirs.

With the presents finished it was time to go roller skating.  I ran quickly into my room to grab my skates, hoping to get to the rink as soon as possible so that I could try out the new gift.  As I stood up I saw a large, rectangular box on my dresser that my father must have put there after bringing in the cake. Curious about what it was I opened it and discovered a brand-new bicycle inside!

My mother explained that they had been saving for the past several months to get me this bike since it was such a nice one.  After thanking them profusely, I eagerly ran into the living room to show my father his birthday gift. As he sat there admiring the new red bicycle that I got him, my mother and I got dressed so that we could go skating together.

As soon as we arrived at the rink I put on my skates and took to the floor immediately.  My parents watched with smiles on their faces as they watched me glide across the floor in a figure eight. After about an hour of skating it was time for us to go home for dinner.  We took off our skates and walked out to the car, but I couldn’t help thinking about how lucky I was that my parents had been so generous with their gifts.

Even now as an adult I can still feel the excitement that came from getting such wonderful presents on my ninth birthday.  It’s a memory that will stay with me forever and one that reminds me of just how much my parents loved and continue to love me unconditionally.