n into this ritual. The time was nearly up, but he needed a few more moments of clarity before beginning the final phase. As always, when performing the summoning, he felt an unbearable desire to procrastinate. His body shook, and sweat poured down his face. He looked over the runes on the ground one last time. The words seemed different than they had just a few moments ago. Perhaps he was hallucinating, but it appeared as though they were moving. Was that the power of the spell?

As he thought about it, he realized there were no clouds in the sky. This ritual always took place at night, and yet here it was noon. His body had been drained of life by the summoning for so long that his heart stopped beating. He couldn’t remember what sunlight felt like. For some reason, he also felt incredibly thirsty. He tried to stand up, but his knees buckled, and he fell on his face.

Nathaniel heard a low rumbling sound approaching him, but couldn’t seem to focus. It was almost as if he were hearing the sound in the back of his mind. The sound was growing louder, and so were voices that seemed to be coming from nowhere. He struggled to pull himself up and look at the source of the noise, but was unable to get enough strength to even lift his head. His vision went blurry for a second, and when it cleared, he realized that an enormous creature towered over him. It had many legs, and what appeared to be some sort of bladed appendage on its back. The beast roared at him, but Nathaniel heard no sound from the creature. Instead, he felt like the rumbling was echoing in his head. He saw other creatures that looked similar to this one coming out of a large portal, and into a world unlike anything he had ever seen. As they walked down the steps that led away from the portal, Nathaniel saw that this world was covered with rock and lava. The sunlight hurt his eyes so much that he closed them.

The voices in his head became louder, and began to speak to him. Nathaniel could tell that they were speaking a foreign language, but the words still echoed clearly in his mind. He felt compelled to obey their instructions, and tried to stand up, but the beast stepped on him before he could move. The pressure of its claw crushed his ribs, and he was forced to lie down again. The beast dragged Nathaniel back into the portal with it, and the ground below him disappeared as they entered the dimensional gateway. After a moment of disorientation, Nathaniel realized that he was back on Earth, but in a different location from where he began. He tried to get up, but found himself lying on his side in a pool of mud.