man nodded in reply.  `` That's pretty much the way it works.''
 
 Santa frowned as he tried to process all this new information.  He had no idea that being a celebrity came with so many legal implications!  It was always important to know and understand the laws, but for most people they only had to worry about what the local police were likely to enforce.  Santa had been doing his job for so long, he'd forgotten that even something as simple as re-gifting could lead to all sorts of problems.  He tried not to let the disappointment show on his face and simply said, `` Well, it's been a long time since I've dealt with lawyers.  I guess I need to give them a call.''
 
 The representative smiled sympathetically and gave Santa an encouraging pat on the back.  `` Don't worry.  It takes a while for everyone to get used to these kinds of things at first.  Just take it one step at a time and remember that you have a lot more options available now than ever before.''
 
 Santa nodded gratefully and then asked, `` So what can I do about the re-gifted gifts?  Can I just get rid of them?''
 
 The man shook his head.  `` I'm afraid not.  Under federal law, you still technically own the items until they are properly disposed of.  Your best bet is to consult with an attorney and work out a plan for getting rid of them without violating any laws.''
 
 Santa sighed heavily as he leaned back in his chair.  This whole situation was so complicated!  He felt overwhelmed and wished he had some kind of legal counsel right then and there to help him navigate the process.  Just thinking about all the possible pitfalls made his head spin.  For a moment, he thought about giving up entirely but then quickly reminded himself that he couldn't give up on what he loved most – spreading joy throughout the world.
 
 Santa closed his eyes and took a deep breath before opening them again and looking at the representative with determination in his gaze.  `` OK, I understand everything you've said,'' he said firmly.  `` Now what do I need to do?''