I clutched my right side, where an awful burning feeling was building up.  The pain became so intense that it hurt to even breathe, or move.  I slowly fell to the floor of my room.  
 It had started again.  After a long time of no attacks, they were back with full force.  
 I tried to concentrate and make sense out of what was happening.  As I got up to go to the kitchen, I could hear faint voices in the background.  They sounded like they were coming from some distance away.  It seemed as if I was living underwater.  Then, it all hit me; another one of my severe migraines had begun.  
 The worst part about these horrible headaches is how unpredictable they are.  No one knows for sure what causes them or even why some people have them and others don't.  There are no real warning signs that indicate a migraine is coming, either.  I can only guess when my next one will happen by remembering when my last attack was.  
 These migraines are truly the most excruciating pain I have ever felt in my life.  They can literally make me see stars.  
 I always feel like I need to throw up during one of these attacks.  It's as if there is some kind of internal pressure building up inside my head that causes nausea and vomiting.  
 My whole body aches when I have a migraine.  The pain seems to travel all the way down my arms and legs.  It's almost like someone has stabbed me with pins everywhere.  
 Sensitivity to light and sound are also common symptoms of migraines.  Even the slightest bit of light or noise can cause a sharp pain in my head that is almost unbearable at times.  
 Migraines make it extremely difficult for me to concentrate or function normally during an attack.  All I want to do is go somewhere quiet and lay down until everything passes over.  
 They have forced me to miss out on many important things in life, like family gatherings and even vacations with friends.  They're truly a horrible thing to experience, but at least I know that I am not alone in dealing with them.