ulogy, so he can claim the reward and gain his fame. But this was not the way things were supposed to go. This wasn’t how the story was going to end.

I pull myself out of my slumber, as I look upon the man who shot me in the head. The same one who had killed my best friend. It is then that I realized why this must be happening now. The killer could not have escaped justice just yet.

My thoughts drift back to when it all started; how it was never meant to be like this.

The story starts with my childhood friend, whom I call CJ. He and I had grown up together since we were children. We lived in the same neighborhood, went to the same school, and shared many experiences. As we got older, our friendship only strengthened, becoming more than just two friends. It felt like we were family, brothers who would have each other’s back no matter what.

We spent most of our time together playing games in the streets or hanging out at the park. We had an unspoken bond that few people could understand. In many ways, we were two halves of a whole – complementing each other perfectly like two peas in a pod. I was always there to comfort him when things got tough, and he did the same for me whenever life threw its curveballs. Our friendship was one of the most cherished aspects of my life.

But then something terrible happened that changed everything. It was a night like any other; we were hanging out after school, talking about our hopes and dreams for the future. Suddenly, without warning, two men ran up to us carrying guns. They demanded our money, and when CJ refused to comply they shot him in the chest. I couldn’t believe what I had just witnessed – my friend lying on the ground covered in blood.

The following days were filled with uncertainty as we waited for news about CJ’s condition. Thankfully he survived but the emotional toll was enormous. He had been through something traumatic and needed time to heal both physically and mentally. It took some time before he felt like himself again but eventually, with a lot of love and support from his family and friends, including me, he made a full recovery.

The incident had a profound effect on us both – it made us realize how precious life really is, not to be taken for granted but cherished every day no matter what happens or where we are in our journey through this world together. It strengthened our bond even further than before and gave us a greater appreciation for each other as well as for those around us who truly care about us deeply despite everything else going on around us at any given moment in time.