The doorbell rang.  It was Cody's mother bringing him lunch.  She was a typical housewife; blonde hair in a ponytail, wearing a pair of sweats and an old shirt that read `` Mom of the Year '' on the front.  I had seen them before at the mall, when I lived with my father.   He was a carpenter and did a lot of remodeling work for local businesses around town.  That's how we met.
``Mrs. Banks'' smiled as she came in carrying two paper bags and a thermos of lemonade.
 `` Hi, sweetie!  How're you feeling? '' she said to Cody.
  He ignored the question, which seemed to be a common practice for him.  He just mumbled something about being hungry and shuffled into his room with a paper bag in one hand, a thermos of lemonade in the other.
`` I brought some sandwiches!'' she said excitedly.  She was always bringing us lunch when we played together.  It was very sweet of her to do that, especially since neither of us were related or anything.  `` Cody loves my tuna sandwiches! '' She smiled and set the bag down on the countertop next to my juice box.   I took a big drink, relishing in it's coldness as I watched Mrs. Banks sit down across from me at the kitchen table.
`` You know, we really have to do something about your friend here.'' she said, motioning towards Cody with her chin.  `` He needs some sort of therapy or something.  He's getting worse and worse every time I see him!'' Her voice was getting louder now and she began to pace back and forth in front of me.   I felt a little uncomfortable watching her do this but tried not to show it on my face.
`` Cody has some problems.  It doesn't help that he is alone most of the time either.'' I said in an attempt to calm her down a bit.    She stopped pacing and sat back down at the table with me.   `` Yes, well maybe that's part of it but there are other things too...'' she began, her voice getting quieter now as if she was trying to think through what she wanted to say next.  `` Cody seems very angry most of the time and has these strange outbursts when something doesn't go his way or someone disagrees with him.   He also gets really obsessed with certain things- like that Star Wars movie - and will spend hours talking about it, even though no one else is interested in listening anymore.  Sometimes he even acts out scenes from the movies, complete with sound effects and everything!   It's just not normal behavior for a nine year old boy.''
  I listened to her words carefully, trying hard not to be judgmental or make any kind of assumptions about Cody.   He was still my best friend after all, even though we didn't get to see each other as much lately with Mrs. Banks constantly worrying about his behavior and keeping him on a short leash.    I could tell she really did love her son but also felt incredibly overwhelmed by the challenges he presented for her as a parent.  It wasn't an easy task taking care of someone like Cody who seemed so lost in their own world at times.  He was definitely different from most other kids his age and sometimes it worried me that no one else understood him quite like I did.   But despite all the struggles we faced together, our friendship was still strong because I knew deep down inside that he was truly a kind soul who deserved love and understanding just like anyone else.