2 weeks later you'd be hired. Now it takes months of applications before even getting an interview. And when I do, the interview is usually terrible because they are interviewing 10-25 people for one position.

It really sucks. My anxiety has gotten so bad that I have a hard time doing things. Going to social events and interviews have become nerve racking. It's not even the interview or socializing part, but it's the waiting for the results of these things. I dread answering my phone because I never know if it's going to be good news about a job or just someone wanting to schedule an interview.

It seems like I just have bad luck when it comes to jobs. I don't understand what I do wrong. I've tried so hard and still nothing. I had one interview for a job and they told me that there were 25 people competing for the same position as myself. The worst part is that even after months of applying and interviewing, it's only temporary jobs that I get. I need a full-time job so badly. I hate living on unemployment.

I have been looking at moving to another state in hopes of finding a job there. I want to move to California or Seattle. I love the area and am sick of this small town where I live now. It really sucks because my family is here but they also want what is best for me so they understand if I decide to move away. The only reason why it's hard for them to let go is that my sister has always been closer than anyone else in my life, besides my mom and dad of course. She's always been the one person who I could depend on no matter what happened. So when I tell them that I want to move away they feel like part of me will be moving away as well.

I have never left before so it's scary for both of us but at least we are together in this decision. We know it has to happen because this town isn't good for either one of us anymore. There are no opportunities here and it makes both of us miserable every day that passes by without any change in our lives. It's time for something new and exciting! I am tired of being stuck in this little town with nothing happening around me or anything worth doing besides working at my dead-end job. The thought of leaving everything behind and starting anew somewhere else sounds amazing!