I need to finalize some of my notes for the class I am teaching in the afternoon, she thought to herself. Her mind was going a hundred miles a minute, trying to remember all she needed to do before she headed home. She walked into her office, dropping her coat on one of her chairs as she began to get out her briefcase and papers when something caught her eye. It was a red envelope laying on top of the pile of papers. She picked it up, puzzled and turned it over in her hands, wondering who could have possibly sent this for her. On the front in black cursive writing were the words: "To Sandra, Open with Love". There was no stamp or return address. Intrigued she opened the envelope and began to read.

Dear Sandy,

Today I am going to take you on a journey of love, friendship and passion. I hope that when your day is done you will be able to see what love truly is. Please take these three gifts with you as you embark on this journey. Each of them will have a purpose to serve and they will show you something about yourself as well as others. They are yours for this journey, but they must never leave your side. If you lose one they will no longer be able to help you.

First gift: Compassion- This is the greatest of gifts. You use it when you see a hurt and need in another person. Your compassion should never be without limits or reason. It should come from your heart, not your head. With this gift you will have love for all that you meet.

Second gift: Trust- This gift can take many forms; trusting your judgment, others with your trust, loving someone enough to open yourself up and share with them who you really are. When given this gift it should be shared freely and without fear of losing. Your life will be enriched by the people that trust in you as well as those that you give your own trust to.

Third gift: Passion- This is what drives us through our daily lives, what helps us to find joy, love, excitement and wonder in our lives. You will know passion when it touches you with its warm embrace. It can be a small thing, like the color of the sky or something grander, like falling in love for the first time. Passion is the heart of what we do, who we are, how we live and how we love.

I hope you find all three gifts along this journey of yours. Love is what brings them to you when they are needed most. It is also what makes them worth sharing with those you choose to share your life with.

With love,
Sandra