allage. As he walked, his eyes taking in the sights of his hometown. He knew every inch of this place like the back of his hand. But that wasn't stopping him from making another tour around town. A big smile on his face and he was whistling a happy tune to himself. He had good reason too, Theo was recently betrothed to a lovely lass named Marion, who owned one of the local taverns and inns. She was very sweet and caring, always making sure that everyone is well fed and taken care off. Not only did she make the best food around, but also some very potent brews as well. Theo had grown to love her, so much so that he asked for her hand in marriage about a month ago. To his surprise and delight, she said yes.

 As Theo made another turn down an old dirt road, he noticed a man sitting on the side of it. He had a bag of some sort slung over his shoulder and he looked rather down on his luck. Theo approached him cautiously, not knowing who this person was or if he even meant any harm. As he came closer to him, the man stood up. His clothes were torn and dirty, he could see that he hadn't had a good meal in quite some time.

 "Can I help you?" Theo asked kindly.

 The man looked at him for a moment then replied in a hoarse voice, "I need food and shelter for the night."

 Theo smiled at him and said, "You're in luck, I happen to know just the place." He gestured towards his tavern with an outstretched arm.

 The man's eyes lit up and he quickly thanked Theo profusely before following him into Marion's Tavern and Inn. Once inside, she warmly welcomed both of them and offered them food and drinks. After they had eaten their fill, Theo asked about the man's story. He told of how he had lost everything due to misfortune but found himself with nothing but his belongings and a few coins left over. Marion was kind-hearted enough to let him stay there for the night so that he could get back on his feet again.

 Theo realized that there are some people in life who need help no matter what form it comes in, whether it be food or shelter. He was glad to have been able to provide assistance to someone who needed it most at this moment in their lives. It made him feel proud knowing that he could make even just a small difference in somebody else's world.