far enough apart that the date was still freshly new. I wanted her to see me in a different light than our first dates.  To show off the man I had become through years of therapy and self-reflection. The one who no longer felt he deserved love and affection.

I ordered for us, the best they had on the menu. She was impressed with my selection and thanked me as she picked at her salad. After we ate and drank a few more glasses of wine than I should have, Hannah brought up an ex-boyfriend who had cheated on her several times during their relationship. They were in high school together when it began, and now they were both attending different universities. She still loved him but she was glad that he wasn’t around to hurt her anymore. I didn’t know what to say so I sipped my wine and watched as she ate a small piece of chocolate cake.

“It hurts,” she said, tears welling up in her eyes, “to think of all the time we spent together. And for him to go behind my back and betray me like that. He was supposed to be someone I could trust, someone I loved. But instead he was a coward who couldn’t give me the love and loyalty I deserved.” She sniffled and wiped away her tears with a napkin.

I nodded in agreement and placed my hand on hers across the table. “He didn’t deserve you,” I said softly, “you’re too good for him. You deserve someone who will treat you right, and love you for all that you are.” I knew it was true but part of me wondered if I could really give her what she deserved. Was I enough? Was anyone ever enough for someone like Hannah?

She smiled at my words and I felt a glimmer of hope flicker inside of me. Maybe this girl could love me after all. Maybe I am worthy of love, despite my past mistakes and failures. As we walked home that night, hand in hand, I felt the beginnings of something beautiful growing between us. A sense of possibility and potential for a future together. But even as the hope and excitement swelled inside me, I couldn’t help but wonder if it was too good to be true.

It is possible that one day Hannah and I will find lasting love together. That she will see past my flaws and imperfections, and understand that they are part of who I am. Maybe she can teach me how to let go of my insecurities and self-doubt, so that we can build a life filled with happiness and joy. But for now, all we have is this moment, right here and now. A moment where two people come together in hopes of finding something special and meaningful. Let us cherish this moment because it may be the only chance we ever get at true love.