f them. You come to realise that there is something very real about what you are experiencing and that they aren’t all just imaginary friends. I know this sounds crazy but the feeling you get when you first experience an entity is hard to describe. It was as if a presence had suddenly entered my body. The best way I can describe it is that your body just becomes numb for a while, you lose control of your body and then it goes back to normal. This is the most common way I would feel them enter my body but sometimes I could feel myself being lifted off of the ground or have this extreme pressure on my chest. It was like the feeling you get when you can’t breath after running up a flight of stairs for a long time, only this time it was just one very big rush and then it would slowly go away. The worst experience I had with them was when they got into my head. I felt myself become extremely anxious and just couldn’t control the way I was feeling. This lasted for about three months before I got over it but during that period I had a lot of trouble sleeping because they would take over my mind at night, while I was trying to sleep, and cause me to have panic attacks. The last experience I can remember having was a few months ago when I was walking home from school with some friends. All of a sudden I felt myself being lifted off the ground and then I just collapsed to the floor. My friends were really worried about me but I assured them that I was fine. It didn’t even seem real until after it happened and then we went back to class. After that experience, I decided to do some research on what happened to me because I was pretty freaked out at the time so I came across this website (https://www.sweetwater-spirit.com/2018/03/ghosts-hauntings/) and started reading about it. Apparently, entities are not all bad and that they sometimes just want our attention or even protection. They are most commonly described as ghosts or spirits but many people also refer to them as angels. I don’t know if I believe in them entirely but I do know that there is something out there that makes me feel like I am not alone in this world, even when I am by myself.