, so many rules to follow, so many tests to pass.
He did not like this last one. He was nervous, excited, even scared. The thought of failure had never crossed his mind. Yet now that the test was upon him, he felt a pang of doubt. Nora sat in front of him with an unreadable expression on her face. She began to ask the questions.
“Why should the customer come back?” She asked.
He did not hesitate. “Because we offer them the best product at a price that is fair and because of our excellent customer service.”
Nora smiled. It was such an easy question. It would only get harder from here. The next question was difficult, yet it was a basic. He had heard this many times before, but he struggled to come up with an answer. Nora gave him some hints.
“What is the customer buying?” She asked.
He knew this. “They are buying value.” They were buying value because they were getting the best product at a price that was fair for them. The quality of their service and the ease of doing business with them all added up to create a perception of value for the customer. It would keep them coming back for more.
The next question was even harder. “How do you know if your customers are satisfied?” He had no idea how to answer this one. Nora gave him another hint. “What are some ways that you can get feedback from your customers?” She asked. He thought about it for a moment. There were several ways that he could find out what the customer thought of his service.
He could send out surveys after every job was completed. The surveys would contain questions about the quality of the work, how well the team worked together, and how satisfied they were with the overall experience. Another way to get feedback from customers is by listening to their complaints and suggestions. After all, it’s important for him and his company to make improvements based on what customers say they like or don’t like about a particular service. He could also use social media platforms such as Twitter or Facebook to solicit feedback directly from clients. By using these various methods of gathering feedback, he could gain valuable insight into how well his business is performing and areas where it needs improvement.