izon. In the wake of the destruction that he left behind, the only things left standing were his treasures, the greatest hoard ever seen in Middle Earth.

Its a funny thing, treasure. It has a way of attracting trouble. Even when it is not evil like Smaug's horde, it will draw thieves and villains alike to steal its riches. In this case, the most glorious treasure was guarded by one of the greatest monsters in the world. Not only does he possess a dangerous mind but a body of fire and steel.

The Dwarves were brave, and strong, but they had never faced anything like him. When Smaug came to their doors, they ran, screaming like little girls. It is said that one dwarf, Thorin Oakenshield, was so filled with pride that he did not want to leave his home of Erebor. He decided to stay and fight the dragon, which would have been suicidal if it hadn't been for his cousin. His cousin Dain came and helped him. The two dwarves were able to kill Smaug, but not before the fire burned everything that they loved.

Their kingdom was ruined, and Thorin was left with nothing. He wandered Middle Earth looking for a home. It wasn't until Bilbo Baggins found Smaug's treasure, that things started looking up for him. But of course it was too good to be true. The dragon was killed by Bilbo, so now he owned the entire hoard. When the dwarves heard this, they were furious, and decided to reclaim their home.

They journeyed through the Misty Mountains in order to take back what was rightfully theirs. They had many battles along the way but eventually they made it to Erebor. The battle that ensued was fierce, but in the end the dwarves were victorious. Thorin took up his throne again and restored their kingdom as it once was.

The lesson here is that even though life may throw you curveballs at times, if you keep fighting for what's yours, eventually things will work out in your favor! Just like Thorin Oakenshield, don't give up hope when faced with difficult circumstances because if you stay strong enough and refuse to give in then good things will come your way.