is so important in this mask because if they don't see your face, they can't identify with you or react to you or have an emotion towards you. So the color has a lot to do with it. It helps them be able to forget about their fear of your face and what you look like. You just kind of blend into this mask. It doesn't matter if they know who you are. They don't even recognize that you're human anymore, because you have so much makeup on. So the color is very important. There's a lot of things going on in here that make up an airbrush makeup kit. This is our air compressor. This is our tank. It holds 12 pounds of pressure. This is your regulator that goes to your gun, and this is the hose. The gun is what you hold. It has an air feed and a makeup feed. They are separate. So you control the makeup with your hand, and then you have the air that comes out with this little trigger right here, which is very important. You don't want to squeeze that too hard because it will make your makeup run. Just a gentle squeeze with that finger, and that will give you enough pressure to get the makeup onto the mask. And the gun itself holds about four ounces of makeup. And there are all kinds of colors of makeup available in this kit. There is just about everything you need for Halloween. This particular kit is made by TEMPTU Pro, which is a professional brand. It's very high quality, it's made with silicone, and has a lifetime warranty. So it's a really great product. The way that airbrush makeup works is the makeup is put into your gun here and you have your compressor. The compressor pumps the air through this line to the gun. Then when you squeeze the trigger, the air comes out with a lot of pressure. And then it hits the makeup that you have in your cup right here. You squeeze the trigger, which makes the air go through the makeup and shoots out onto your face. It is a very thin layer of makeup. It's so thin that it doesn't feel like anything at all. It feels like your skin. And that's because we use such fine droplets of makeup. The other great thing about this makeup is that it's hypoallergenic, and it's non-comedogenic. So it won't clog your pores or cause breakouts. The whole idea of an airbrush is to get a very natural looking finish on your face with makeup. It covers so well because the droplets of makeup are so fine. They really penetrate into the skin and give you a flawless look that will last all night long.