1936 Packard V12 Convertible Cabriolet had been driven off the road by one of our best drivers. The driver was unharmed, but the damage to the car was severe. We were going to have to tow it back to our garage, and get it ready for display at a car show in less than 3 months from now. Lloyd wants this Packard in tip top shape for the show, no way we’re going to let something like an accident keep us out of that show. I’ve been given the job of driving this wreck back to H.Q. I didn’t mind, at least it got me away from this damn rain storm and would hopefully keep me dry until I reached our garage.

I hopped in the cab of the tow truck, pulling out my keys as I closed the door behind me. I turned the ignition over, then turned on the headlights to guide me through the rainstorm. Once everything was checked and ready for the drive, I pulled out onto the road and headed back towards H.Q. The Packard was sitting at the bottom of a hill off the side of the highway. The wreckage had been left there because the truck that was pulling it wasn’t large enough to carry the car, but thankfully we had another tow truck large enough to pull it out of its spot on the side of the road and back to our garage.

The rain poured down around me as I turned onto the highway towards the garage. I could see a bright flash of light every few seconds coming from the dark grey clouds that were above the horizon. I figured this storm was only going to get worse as the night went on, so I picked up speed and drove as fast as possible to make it back to our headquarters before it got too bad out there. The rain started to come down harder than a bucket of water pouring from a great height. It started to beat down against my windshield with such force that I couldn’t see through the glass. I slowed down considerably to prevent an accident, but luckily for me the road was empty and we had the right of way so no one got hurt.

The rain continued its assault on the windshield as I drove back to our garage. It felt like a never ending storm that was going to keep up until the sun came back out in the morning. I turned onto our street, pulling into our garage and parking beside the tow truck that had pulled this car off of the side of the road. The rain was still pouring down with force and showing no signs of stopping anytime soon. I got out of my cab and walked towards the tow truck to take a look at the damage to the Packard.

The wreckage was worse than I expected. The car had been completely totaled, the front end was bent upwards towards the sky like it had been hit by something incredibly heavy. The headlights were smashed in, and all four tires were flat due to their impact with the asphalt. The windshield was cracked from the force of the collision, making it impossible for anyone to see through it.

I could only shake my head in disbelief. This beautiful car had been destroyed by some mindless idiot who couldn’t drive a car worth a damn. I felt a sense of sadness wash over me as I took in the extent of the damage. This was an incredible piece of machinery, and now it was sitting there completely wrecked. It was a shame that something so beautiful had to go through such destruction. I could only hope that we were able to fix this car up and get it back on the road where it belonged.