`` You know what I think? I think you were there. You were most definitely there. And you probably took this picture yourself.'' Donna said accusingly. The smile on my face dropped and I felt a sudden rush of panic. Was that true? Did she know something I didn't want to admit to?  `` No! I mean, I didn't take it. I swear I didn't. It was just there!''
 ` `` Then why is this picture in your computer files? Is it because you were taking photos of me?'' She asked accusingly as she leaned across the table and opened my laptop. I tried to push her away, but her weight kept me pinned. I looked down at the screen, my heart pounding against my chest. There was no denying that it was a picture of Donna, but it wasn't me who had taken it. It must have been someone else.  `` No, I didn't take this photo. Someone sent it to me.'' I said, hoping she would believe me.
 ` `` Right. That makes sense. You were just a bystander in all of this. The person taking the picture was probably trying to capture you and Donna together so they could sell the story to the tabloids. It's a good thing that we caught them in time, though. We need to find out who did it and put a stop to their shenanigans.''
 ` `` You 're right. I was just minding my own business when this picture suddenly appeared on my computer. It 's crazy! How could someone be so brazen as to take these photos without our knowledge? They must have been watching us closely in order for them to get such an intimate shot. We need to make sure that they know that what they did was wrong and that we won't tolerate any of this nonsense anymore.''
 ` `` Yes, it is completely unacceptable behavior. I don't understand how anyone could think that taking pictures like this would be okay. It 's a clear invasion of our privacy and we need to put a stop to it right away! Whoever took these photos needs to be held accountable for their actions.'' Donna said firmly as she clenched her fist in anger at the person who had taken those photos without our consent. We both agreed that what happened was wrong and that we would do everything in our power to make sure that it never happens again.