-receptors to tell him that this wasn 't good news.

The crew quarters were dark and cold, he was alone save for the dim red glow of emergency lighting. The stench of burnt circuitry was thick in his nostrils as he moved down the hall. He could hear the hum of the shield generator through the hull of the ship. It would be a few minutes before it shut down, if it did at all, then they would have to wait for an escape pod to pick them up.

He came upon the cargo hold just in time to see what was left of one of the crewmen. He didn 't know his name but he had been a good man who liked to talk about his wife and children. Now all that remained of him was a smoking hole in the wall where once had stood a living, breathing man.

"It s over," the captain said to no one as he turned toward the main hold. A deep groan reverberated from behind the door. The captain braced himself as he opened it and saw the wreckage of the ship. Bodies were everywhere. The deck was a mess of twisted metal and melted plastic. It looked as if someone had taken a hammer to every control panel, computer, and machine that made up this vessel.

"Who did this?" he demanded out loud. No one answered him; only an ominous silence greeted his question. The captain stepped forward into the room, looking for clues or even signs of life. He knew it was pointless but he couldn't help himself. This was his ship and he couldn 't believe that someone had managed to board and wreak such havoc without being detected.

He walked around what remained of the room, searching for some sign of a struggle or fight. His search did not last long; all that was left were empty spaces where people once stood. There was blood everywhere but it didn 't look like there had been much fighting at all. The crew must have put up little resistance to whoever had come on board.

The captain found one thing that looked promising. It was a small metal box with two wires sticking out of the side. He picked up the device and inspected it carefully. There were some strange symbols etched into its surface; he couldn 't make out what they meant but they seemed to be important. He noticed that there was an on/off switch attached to one of the wires coming from inside the box.

He flipped the switch on with trembling fingers and heard a faint buzzing noise coming from within. Suddenly, everything went dark around him as all of the lights flickered out simultaneously. The captain stood stunned for a moment before realizing what had happened; whoever had boarded this ship must have been using some kind of electronic device to disable its power systems. It was an ingenious tactic that few would be able to pull off without being detected but someone had managed it here on this ship.