smiled.
   “I know you are worried,” she said softly, “but don’t be. I will always be with you.” She leaned in close to me, pressing her cheek against mine. “I love you,” she whispered, kissing my forehead.
   Her face was gone and I was left staring at the wall again. It was cold now. The image of her face had warmed the brick.
   I stood up and walked across the room. A low moan came from behind me as the fireplace flared to life. I turned in time to see the flames flicker against the face of a smiling skeleton. Its arms were stretched out to me, its bony fingers grasping for my attention. I took a step towards it and the image swirled again. The flames went out and the skeletons hands fell back to its sides.
   “Come with me,” a voice whispered behind me. I turned around to see a bright light emanating from an empty doorway. The sound of running water was coming from somewhere beyond it.
   “Come with me,” the voice called again, this time louder. I stepped forward and my body faded away like smoke. It dissolved into nothing as my soul entered the room beyond the door.
   The room was small and dimly lit by candles that flickered along the walls. A bath of bubbles sat in a shallow pool of water in the middle of the floor.  Steam rose from the surface, obscuring the view of the other end of the room. There was a wooden bench on the far side with towels neatly folded on it.
   “Come here,” she called again. I stepped out of my body and walked towards the candles on the wall. The flame in each one flared as I approached, then went back to their previous flickering state. When I reached them they were extinguished completely and the room was bathed in darkness.
   “Come here,” she called a third time. This time the voice seemed to surround me, enveloping me in its warmth. I stepped into the pool of water and my body became light as air. The bubbles closed around me like an embrace and I felt her presence again. She was here with me now. She reached out her hand to me and took mine in hers.
   “I love you,” she whispered, her breath warm on my cheek.  “Always.”