ty ignored him.

``Mom,'' he continued. ``You are not a bird, you can't build nests.''

I turned around and looked at my son with an evil eye as I scolded: ``If I can't be a bird then you shouldn't try to become one either!''

It was the same old story. He was going through his rebellious stage. As I said to him that night, I have been through the same thing with my mother and now, he is following in her footsteps. I guess some things are just in our blood. Like a virus passed on from generation to generation, it's our way of living life.

For as long as I could remember, we'd always lived together like one big happy family. My son was raised with his cousin. Both were close and had the same personality. They loved to laugh and joke around and would spend most of their time together. As much as we enjoyed our lives, there was always a sense of dread that we felt lurking in the back of our minds.

My mother had passed away a few years ago from an untimely heart attack. She wasn't even forty years old when it happened. It was sudden and unexpected. Even though I knew it would happen someday, her death left me with an emptiness that still hasn't gone away. No one could ever replace my mother in my eyes or in my heart.

My son grew up to be a young man who loved his life and enjoyed everything about it. He was always trying new things and would never pass up an opportunity if he thought it looked fun. This led him down many different paths which included drugs, alcohol and even some criminal activities. But despite all that I worried about him because deep down inside I knew my son was a good kid with a big heart who just wanted to have a good time and live life to the fullest.

As much as I worried about my son, I also had fears of what would happen if something ever happened to me. Who would be there for him when I wasn't around anymore? Who would look out for his best interests and protect him from harm? It was a scary thought that kept me up at night wondering what the future held for both of us. But I knew we had each other no matter what and that was enough for me to feel at peace with whatever tomorrow brought our way.