Oh, okay .

I woke up this morning and my head was hurting. Then I had some coffee and it helped a little bit but now the pain is back. It’s like a constant throbbing feeling that won’t go away no matter what I do.

Hello, what is wrong with you?

Good morning, doctor. My head hurts.

Okay, young man. Tell me how it started.

Yesterday I had a runny nose. My nose is stuffed up now. I have a sore throat and I am afraid I have a fever. I feel terrible.

Don't worry, young man. Let me give you an examination. First, let me look at your throat. Open your mouth and say "ah".

Good morning , doctor . I have a terrible headache . 

 Yesterday I had a runny nose . Now my nose is stuffed up . I have a sore throat . And I ’ m afraid I've got a temperature . I feel terrible . 

 Don't worry , young man . Lat me give you an examination . First let me take a look at your throat . Open your mouth and say'ah ' . 

 Ah . 

 Your throat is inflamed . And your tongue is heavily coated . You have all the symptoms of influenza .

Good morning, doctor. I have a terrible headache.

All right, young man. Tell me how it got started.

Yesterday I had a runny nose. Now my nose is stuffed up. I have a sore throat. And I'm afraid I've got a temperature. I feel terrible.

Don't worry, young man. Let me give you an examination. First let me take a look at your throat. Open your mouth and say 'ah'.

Ah.

Your throat is inflamed. And your tongue is heavily coated. You have all the symptoms of influenza.

What am I supposed to do then?

A good rest is all you need, and drink more water. I'll write you a prescription.

### Explanation:
In this dialogue, the main character complains about having a terrible headache to the doctor. The doctor asks the young man to tell him how it got started and discovers that he had a runny nose yesterday. However, his nose is now stuffed up and he also has a sore throat. He also seems to be worried that he might have a temperature.

The doctor tells him not to worry and examines him by looking at his throat and observing his tongue. He diagnoses him with influenza based on the symptoms that the young man presents. He then suggests that the young man take a good rest and drink more water. Finally, he writes him a prescription.