



" OK , then . See you tomorrow ! "

I've been using this book and its online resources for awhile now. It has helped me a lot. My writing skills have improved since I started using it but I still cannot understand how I am supposed to use the dialogs to learn English.

I tried to use them like this: I write one sentence on my own, then copy another sentence from the book as a reply. But even though they are very simple sentences, I just can't make sense of them after reading it several times. 

Can someone help me with this? How do you think I can understand those dialogs better? Thanks in advance!

> I tried to use them like this: I write one sentence on my own, then copy another sentence from the book as a reply. But even though they are very simple sentences, I just can't make sense of them after reading it several times.
>
> Can someone help me with this? How do you think I can understand those dialogs better? Thanks in advance!

I don't know about you but when I was a learner I didn't like these types of activities. They were not fun, not engaging at all and very boring.

Later, as a teacher, I used them with some learners, because they were learning English for an exam and there were not many other options. The same thing happened to me when I started to work in EFL contexts and had to use the materials that were provided by my employer.

But I have always hated these types of activities. They are boring and I am sure that very few people can make sense out of them, even if they read the dialogues 100 times.

If you really want to practice your writing skills then I would suggest you write something about yourself or about your hobbies and interests, and ask native speakers for feedback and corrections. If there is a forum where you can do that, please share it with us. That's how I used to help learners who came to our English club meetings in the evening.

I would also recommend you check out this post about writing and some useful links that you may find interesting:
https://ell.stackexchange.com/a/203697/117915

I am not sure what exactly you are trying to do but I can help with the last sentence in your post.  It's not a very good sentence and there's a lot going on in it, so let me give it some context:

> But even though they are very simple sentences, I just can't make sense of them after reading it several times.
>
> Can someone help me with this? How do you think I can understand those dialogs better? Thanks in advance!

- The sentence has a lot of meaning, which is good but not what we want here. We are asking for a short and concise answer to the question "How do you think I can understand those dialogs better?" The answer to that would be: "Try doing X."
- The sentence also has several errors. The last word (in bold) should be written as 'understand' because it is singular, not plural. This is a common mistake that learners make, especially when they write in the present tense. When you are talking about a single object, the verb must also be singular and there is no need to add an "s" at the end of the word (you don't say "understands" or "understood", you say "understand").
- The sentence does not make much sense because it doesn't really answer the question. It doesn't give any advice on how we can understand the dialogs better, so I think it's best if we remove this part and focus on what the question was asking for in the first place: "How do you think I can understand those dialogs better?"

I hope that helps!

> I don't know about you but when I was a learner I didn't like these types of activities. They were not fun, not engaging at all and very boring.
>
> Later, as a teacher, I used them with some learners, because they were learning English for an exam and there were not many other options. The same thing happened to me when I started to work in EFL contexts and had to use the materials that were provided by my employer. But I have always hated these types of activities. They are boring and I am sure that very few people can make sense out of them, even if they read the dialogues 100 times.
>
> If you really want to practice your writing skills then I would suggest you write something about yourself or about your hobbies and interests, and ask native speakers for feedback and corrections. If there is a forum where you can do that, please share it with us. That's how I used to help learners who came to our English club meetings in the evening.
>
> I would also recommend you check out this post about writing and some useful links that you may find interesting:
> https://ell.stackexchange.com/a/203697/117915

I'm really thankful for your answer but I still can't understand why these dialogues are so difficult to comprehend, even though they contain simple sentences and words that we use in real-life conversations. I thought this would help me improve my English skills in a fun way, as the book's cover states.

I don't want to write about myself or my hobbies, it doesn't interest me at all.  What you suggested is boring and I would not benefit much from it either because I already know how to express myself very well in English (I can even have conversations with native speakers). The only thing I need now is help with understanding simple dialogues like those in this book.

> I'm really thankful for your answer but I still can't understand why these dialogues are so difficult to comprehend, even though they contain simple sentences and words that we use in real-life conversations. I thought this would help me improve my English skills in a fun way, as the book's cover states.
>
> I don't want to write about myself or my hobbies, it doesn't interest me at all.  What you suggested is boring and I would not benefit much from it either because I already know how to express myself very well in English (I can even have conversations with native speakers). The only thing I need now is help with understanding simple dialogues like those in this book.

I understand where you are coming from, but I think that these kinds of activities might not be a good fit for your learning style and goals. However, they do exist for a reason and many learners use them successfully to improve their language skills. It's important to remember that we are all different and what works for some people may not work for others. If you find an activity or exercise boring or uninteresting then it's probably best if you don't spend too much time on it.

It can be useful to have a look at other types of materials, especially if the ones that are currently available seem boring and repetitive. There might be some interesting activities out there!

If you still want to try using these dialogs then I suggest that you take them one by one and focus on understanding each sentence in isolation first before trying to put together a full conversation with someone else. This will help make it less confusing and more manageable for learners who find this type of activity challenging. It could also be helpful if you read through the whole dialogue first so you can get an idea about what is happening before reading individual sentences, because sometimes people have trouble figuring out how different parts connect together when there are multiple speakers involved in a conversation or storyline.

I hope this helps! Please let me know if I can be of any further assistance and best wishes!