" By the way , where did you graduate from ? "

" From Nankai University ."

" What was your major there ? "

" History."

" I see . And why do you think you would be suitable for this post ? "

" Well , firstly because of my background in history . This will enable me to better understand our company ’ s development and to apply what I ’ ve learned in the class room to the practical problems that we face on the job ."

" Yes , I can see how you would be able to help us in this respect . "

" Secondly , I ’ m well acquainted with some of the people who work here , and have been impressed by their dedication and commitment . "

" Oh ? I was wondering if I should offer you a glass of water , but you seem to know the ropes already ."

" Thank you , no , Mr . Peter. I ’ m quite well . "

" What is your greatest strength? "

" I am confident and decisive , with good analytical skills and an ability to think clearly on my feet ."

" Oh , yes ? And what about your weaknesses? "

" Well , I would say that my worst quality is probably a tendency to be stubborn at times ."

" That ’ s quite understandable . So , what are you looking for in a company like ours ? "

" What appeals most to me here is the fact that you offer both a secure working environment and the chance to advance rapidly ."

" And finally , what do you think will be your greatest challenge as a member of our staff? "

" I should imagine it would be to understand fully how this company operates ."

" Well , Miss Wang , you certainly have done well on your own so far . Now , let ’ s talk about salary and benefits . "

" May I ask what are your hobbies ? "

" My main hobby is reading books and watching films . But sometimes I also like playing basketball . "

" How long have you worked here ? "

" You ’ ve been to Macao ? How was it ? "

" I enjoyed my life there very much . The air is fresh and the people are friendly . There are many historical sites which attract me to go . It ’ s just wonderful . "

" How did you feel about that work ? "

" And your salary ? "

" My monthly pay was RMB 2000 . "

" I see . "

" Mr . Peter , there is one more thing I ’ d like to know . Is this company willing to hire married people? My husband and I have already been married for more than two years ."

" Oh, yes ! We ’ re very glad to have married people working for us ."

" That ’ s great . Thank you , Mr . Peter . "