> A good start would be to create an invitation list with all the members of our staff as well as some former employees and board members who we can contact via email. The invitation should also include a request for RSVPs so that we can get an idea of how many people plan on attending. Once the invites have been sent, we need to start planning activities for the day of the party. Some ideas could be food/beverages, entertainment (music or other performances), and games or contests related to books or literature. We should also consider decorating the library with banners or balloons to celebrate the occasion.

You are going to have to come up with a lot of different things to make that many people happy . I would start by contacting food vendors . Maybe you could get someone to donate their services . It is always helpful when they are working for free . We want everyone to feel welcome and we should try to keep the cost down for attendees .

What a wonderful opportunity to celebrate this grand old building ! It's a perfect way to share this treasure with the community ! 

 Let's brainstorm ideas for the menu . What is your favorite party food ? 

 My favorites are burgers and hot dogs . 

 They sound delicious . But they might not be an ideal choice because of all the hot weather . We want to keep the cost down too . It would help if we could have some sort of a buffet . Do you have any other ideas ? 

 Maybe we can make some pizzas and sell them by the slice . That is usually pretty affordable . And everyone likes pizza . 

 Excellent . What do you think about drinks ? 

 I love fresh squeezed lemonade . It's a great summertime treat . We could serve that . 

 Wonderful ! It is very refreshing on a hot summer day . Are there any other refreshments you would like to offer ? 

 Well , we should have some water available . And perhaps some sort of pop or juice for the children . 

 That sounds wonderful . Now let's think about dessert . 

 I love cookies ! They are my favorite treat . What about you ? 

 Oh yes . Cookies and ice cream is always a hit at any party . But let's not forget that there will be a lot of kids there too . It would probably be best if we offer some sort of healthy snacks to keep them from eating all of the sugar . How about having fresh fruit available ? 

 That sounds like an excellent idea ! It will help balance out the sweets with some healthy options . Do you have any other suggestions ? 

 Yes . We should offer some freshly squeezed juice too . And maybe we can offer some smoothies too . Those are very popular now days . They are delicious and they are good for you . 

 That is a great idea ! The kids will love that . It's also important to keep them hydrated on a hot summer day like this . What else should we serve ? 

 Well , how about having some fruit salad or a veggie tray available . That would give people something healthy to snack on too . 

 Yes ! Those are wonderful ideas ! I think that we can work with those suggestions and come up with an amazing party menu that everyone will love ! 

 It is so nice of you to help me with this project . I'm really looking forward to sharing this with the community . Thank you so much for your time today . 

 You are welcome . I'm happy to be a part of it ! Have a great day !