habit of using drugs too. She told him her name was Summer and that her last name was Johnson, so he believed her and never asked for an ID. Summer convinced the young man to move in with her. He didn’t have a job or any money, so she supported them both with her earnings from selling drugs. The young man had no idea how to cook or clean. He just stayed high all day.

The young man’s best friend was named Nick. Nick and the young man grew up together and were inseparable until Summer came into the picture. Nick was always there for him, even when he couldn’t remember who he was. Nick tried to get him to snap out of it, but he never succeeded. One day, Nick received a call from the police asking for information on the young man. Nick knew he had to help his friend.

Nick went to Summer’s house and asked her where the young man was. Summer told him that she didn’t know. Nick then asked her if he could search the house for any clues. Summer consented, and Nick found a piece of paper with the young man’s name and address on it.

Nick went to the address and found the young man sitting on his porch. The young man was high, but he recognized Nick immediately. Nick told him that he had some information about Summer and her whereabouts. The young man snapped out of his high and asked Nick what he meant. Nick explained that Summer had been arrested for drug trafficking and that she would be going to jail soon.

The young man was relieved to hear that Summer was finally getting the help she needed. Nick took the young man to a shelter where he could get clean and start rebuilding his life. The young man realized that he didn’t want to spend the rest of his life on drugs. He started going to therapy and got a job at a local restaurant. Nick continued to visit him and check in on him, making sure he was doing okay.

The young man turned 25 today, and he is grateful for everything that Nick has done for him. He knows that he still has a long way to go, but he feels hopeful for the first time in years.