same but different. I woke up thinking that maybe it was all a dream but quickly realized that it was not, at least it did n't feel like it was. It started with small things, things that didn't seem out of place until I realized how they differed from what I had known before. A car that could fly, a bird that could talk, people that had powers they couldn't explain; I thought at first that maybe it was just a coincidence but slowly it became clear that this wasn't a coincidence. This world was not the same as mine.

But despite the differences I found comfort in the familiarity of some things. I still recognize myself, I still know who I am and what I want, even if everything around me has changed. The city where I live is called New York but it looks nothing like I remember it from my dreams. The buildings are taller, there's a park in the middle of the city that was once covered in concrete, and there's a strange creature living in the ocean that looks like a giant octopus. But even though everything around me has changed I still find comfort in knowing that some things stay the same.

As much as I try to ignore it, I can't help but wonder where I am and how I got here. I know I have a family back home, one that is probably searching for me and wondering what happened. But every time I think about them, my heart breaks because I know I won't see them again. Not in this life anyway.

It's been three years since I first arrived and I still can't understand why I was chosen to be brought here. All I know is that I have a purpose, one that I haven't discovered yet. But I have faith that I will find it eventually, I just have to keep going and never give up.

Despite everything that has happened, despite the fact that my life has been turned upside down, I still find hope every day. Hope that I will find a way back home one day, hope that I will discover my purpose and make a difference in this world, hope that I will be able to live a fulfilling life no matter where I am.

So here I am, still alive and still trying to figure out what happened to me and why. But for now, all I can do is keep going and hope for the best.