I never went after fake internet points. If people were nice to me, I was thankful. It's not about karma or upvotes, it's about making friends and having fun. 

That being said, sometimes when I have an opinion, I like to express it. Sometimes my opinions are unpopular. 

I was browsing through the frontpage of /r/worldnews this morning. I saw a post about how much the EU is spending on research and development for wind power. 

The OP made it sound like this was some great achievement by the EU. But then I noticed the first comment. The author of that comment basically said: "You should not be spending so much money on wind power. Renewable energy sources like wind power are stupid. It's a waste of resources." 

The author had a few other comments in there where he was saying things like "wind is expensive" and "wind turbines are ugly". 

Now, I understand that some people might have those opinions. But it is important to remember that this subreddit is not just about sharing news articles. It's also about having discussions and debates. 

I mean, I could just ignore the comments and move on with my life. But I thought it was important to respond to the author. So I replied: "I don't understand why people like you are so adamant about wind power being a waste of resources. Sure, wind is expensive right now. But that will change in the future as technology improves and costs go down." 

The author replied with something like "wind turbines are too slow to be useful" and "wind turbines are ugly". So I replied again: "I think you're misunderstanding how wind power works. Wind turbines don't need to be large or fast to be effective. And I think it's important to consider the aesthetic value of a technology when we're going to use it on a large scale. But regardless, I still find wind turbines interesting and think they have potential." 

The author replied again with something like "wind power is useless anyway" and "wind power is just a temporary solution". So I replied one more time: "I disagree. Wind power has already proven to be a viable solution for generating electricity in many places around the world. And as technology continues to improve, we will see wind turbines becoming even more efficient and cost-effective." 

The author didn't respond after that. But I hope he reconsiders his opinions on wind power in the future. Because even though some people might think it's a waste of resources now, it has the potential to be a major part of our energy mix in the future. And I don't want to see us ignore that potential because of short-sighted opinions like the one he had. 

Anyway, that was my long ramble about why I care about karma and upvotes. Thanks for reading.