6 years ago.

The wind blew hard and it stung like a thousand pins in my face as I got closer to the main entrance. The doors stood open, inviting me in. As I pushed them open, I could see the entirety of the parking lot. There were no cars anywhere to be seen; just the rusted metal of the car park stands that had been there since the construction of the mall.

I walked slowly towards the entrance and was greeted by the sight of a man, standing in front of the main doors, his body half illuminated from the light coming from the windows of the stores. He wore a long black coat, a bowler hat perched on top of his head. His eyes were bright red and bloodshot from crying and he held a cigarette between his teeth.

"Peter?" I said, taking a step forward.

The man didn't move. He just stood there, smoking his cigarette and staring off into the distance. I could see the pain etched on his face, the grief that had been consuming him ever since Ana died.

I took another step forward, reaching out to him. "Peter, are you okay?" I asked.

The man didn't respond. He just kept staring off into the distance, smoking his cigarette. I could see the embers glowing bright red in the dim light of the night.

I reached out and took the cigarette from his mouth. "Peter, you need to stop smoking," I said. "It's not good for your health."

The man looked up at me, his eyes bloodshot from crying. "You don't understand," he whispered. "Ana... she was my life. Without her, there is nothing left for me."

I shook my head. "Peter, I know how you feel. But you can't let it consume you like this. You need to find a way to move on. It won't be easy, but it's possible."

The man looked down at the ground, his eyes filled with tears. "I wish I could believe you," he said. "But every time I think about her, I just feel like I'm going to lose my mind."

I placed a hand on his shoulder. "Peter, I know it's hard. But you have to try. You can't let the pain of losing Ana consume you. You need to find a way to heal, to move on."

The man looked up at me, his eyes filled with tears. "I don't know how," he whispered. "I just don't know how."

I sighed deeply. "Well, I can tell you one thing, Peter. You can't do it alone. You need to reach out to people, talk to them about what you're going through. Don't be afraid to ask for help. There are people who care about you and want to help you."

The man looked at me, his eyes filled with tears. "You really think so?" he asked.

I nodded. "Yes, I do," I said. "Just remember, Peter, it's not going to be easy. But with the right people by your side, anything is possible."

The man looked down at the ground, his eyes filled with tears. "Okay," he whispered. "I'll try."

I smiled at him. "That's the spirit," I said.

Peter turned and walked back towards the entrance of the mall, smoking his cigarette. As he disappeared into the darkness, I stood there for a moment, watching the empty parking lot. I couldn't help but feel a sense of sadness, knowing that Peter was still struggling to come to terms with the loss of his wife.

But I also felt a glimmer of hope, knowing that he was willing to try and move on. It may not have been easy, but at least he was taking the first step towards healing. And for that, I was grateful.