aftily on the breeze, and I yawned.

``Good morning,'' I said as I swung my legs over the side of the bed. ``Morning, baby,"'' I said, and reached down to tickle my little daughter who had been sound asleep beside me. She was a tiny thing with dark hair and bright blue eyes that sparkled in the sun.

She opened her eyes, looking drowsy but pleased to see me. We smiled at each other and she stretched out her arms towards me. I picked her up in my arms and carried her into the bathroom. I sat on the toilet seat with her still cradled in my arms, holding her close as I pulled the zipper down on my pajama pants, slipped them off my body, and pulled down my bra straps.

I carefully eased her from my body and placed her on the toilet seat, making sure she was stable. I took a deep breath and began to pee, feeling the stream of urine flow down my legs and onto the floor. I glanced at my little girl who was sitting quietly, watching me with big round eyes.

I finished peeing and stood up, wiping myself clean with toilet paper. I turned around to see my daughter grinning up at me, her bright blue eyes sparkling like diamonds in the morning light.

``That was fun,'' she said, giggling with delight. I smiled back at her.

``Yes, it was,"'' I said, and picked her up again. We made our way back into the bedroom where I helped my daughter get dressed for breakfast. She wiggled around in her tiny dress that was all pinks and purples and flowers. I admired her cute little outfit and smiled as she twirled around in front of me.

I picked up the newspaper and began to read, catching up on the latest news from around the world. My daughter chattered away beside me, telling me all about her dreams and aspirations for the future. We laughed and joked together, sharing our favorite stories and memories.

We enjoyed a delicious breakfast of scrambled eggs and toast, sipping hot coffee and listening to music on the radio. I watched my daughter as she ate, marveling at how quickly she gobbled up her food. She was always so hungry, it seemed like she could eat anything!

After breakfast, we went outside for a walk around the neighborhood. My daughter skipped ahead of me, chasing after butterflies and picking daisies from the ground. We stopped by the park where she climbed on the jungle gym and swung back and forth on the swings, giggling with delight.

As the morning sun began to set, we made our way back home. My daughter was tired from her day of adventure but still full of energy and excitement. She couldn't wait until bedtime when she could snuggle up under the covers and drift off to sleep, dreaming of all the fun she would have tomorrow.

I sat beside my daughter as she drifted off to sleep, watching her tiny chest rise and fall with each peaceful breath. I smiled to myself, feeling grateful for this wonderful little life that we had together. And as I watched my daughter sleep, I couldn't help but wonder what the future would hold for us both.