nician, I need to take control of these things.” 
 
 Violet turned to me with a look of horror on his face. 
 
 “ No! You’re not qualified!” he shouted at me. 
 
 “ Just watch and learn,” I replied, as I started typing away on the console. 
 
 I had no idea what I was doing. All I knew was that this Dark Flag seemed to be getting us killed, and I wasn’t going to sit back and watch it happen. 
 
 After a few minutes, I was able to get the ship moving again. Violet was still panicking, but I ignored him. 
 
 “ Just relax,” I told him. “ You’ll get used to this eventually.” 
 
 I had no idea what I was talking about, but I figured it was better than doing nothing at all. 
 
 As we continued on our mission, I couldn’t help but feel like something was off. There was a sense of foreboding that hung over me, like a heavy cloud in the sky. 
 
 It wasn’t until we approached the main objective of the mission that I realized what it was. 
 
 The ship we were supposed to meet had already left the rendezvous point, and we were running out of time. 
 
 “ Violet, we need to turn back,” I told him, my voice filled with urgency. 
 
 Violet shook his head vigorously. 
 
 “ No! We have to complete this mission. We’ve come too far to turn back now.” 
 
 I sighed deeply. 
 
 “ Fine,” I said. “ But we need to hurry.” 
 
 I pushed the accelerator harder, and the ship began to pick up speed. But even as we raced towards our destination, I couldn’t shake the feeling that something was very wrong. 
 
 And then, just as we were about to reach our goal, disaster struck. 
 
 The ship we were supposed to meet was destroyed by a massive explosion. The survivors were scattered across space, and there was no way for us to rescue them. 
 
 “ What the hell?” Violet screamed at me in disbelief. 
 
 I looked around the cockpit, trying to figure out what had happened. That’s when I saw it. 
 
 The Dark Flag was still flapping in the wind, its symbol glowing with an eerie light. 
 
 “ Violet,” I said slowly. “ It was the Dark Flag.” 
 
 Violet stared at me in disbelief. 
 
 “ What do you mean? It’s just a flag,” he said. 
 
 But I knew better than to underestimate the power of this dark relic. 
 
 “ Look,” I said, pointing at the sky. “ The Dark Flag is causing this ship to malfunction. And it’s not going to stop until we destroy it.” 
 
 Violet shook his head in disbelief. 
 
 “ You can’t be serious,” he said. “ We don’t have time for that. We need to get back to Earth now.” 
 
 I sighed deeply, knowing that he was right. But I couldn’t shake the feeling that this Dark Flag was something much more dangerous than we had ever imagined.