ed and there was nowhere left to park my car. 

My friend who lives out here suggested we take a road trip in his VW Golf instead, since it’s much smaller than my car and could easily navigate these tight streets. I didn’t know what to say because I hate driving. The last time I drove was two weeks ago when I left home, and I had to drive back and forth between work and school all the time. My friends had been riding with me since then, so I had grown accustomed to them being my chauffeurs. 

My friend insisted that we would take a road trip around Colorado, and he even brought his camping equipment for an overnight trip. We started out at dawn, and it was the most beautiful sunrise I’d ever seen. We drove through the mountains and stopped at various scenic overlooks to take pictures. My friend showed me how to adjust my camera so we could capture the best shots. 

As we drove on, we talked about everything under the sun. From politics to sports, nothing was off-limits. I found myself laughing more than I had in a long time. My friend was such an easygoing guy; he just wanted to enjoy the ride and take life as it came. He reminded me of how my dad used to be before he died. 

We stopped at a national park for lunch, and we ate at one of the picnic tables while watching a herd of deer graze in the nearby fields. My friend brought some beef jerky, which I tried for the first time. It was surprisingly delicious, and I found myself snacking on it throughout the day. 

As the sun began to set, we pulled over at a campsite for the night. We set up camp quickly and started a fire. We sat around the campfire and roasted marshmallows, telling stories about our lives and reminiscing about old times. My friend even showed me how to start a fire using a firestarter, which made me feel like a real outdoorsman. 

I didn’t know what to expect when we set out on this road trip, but I ended up having the best time of my life. Even though I hate driving, I realized that sometimes it’s not about the destination, but the journey itself.