tice him, but then I remembered there had been so many people getting on and off the elevator at this point that he might have easily blended into the crowd.

I quickly moved out of the way and scanned the floor for any other signs of life. The hallway was completely empty, save for a few doors and a small landing area where someone had left a half-empty carton of cigarettes. I cursed under my breath and tried to remember if there were any emergency exits or fire escapes that might lead me away from the trapped man.

I decided to head down a hallway that seemed to lead away from the elevator, hoping it would take me closer to an exit. As I walked, I couldn't shake the feeling that I was being watched. It was as if someone was following my every move, waiting for the perfect moment to strike. My heart began to race, and I broke into a sprint, weaving through the empty hallways and slipping past doors that seemed to be locked from the outside.

I finally reached a door that seemed to lead to an emergency exit, but it was locked tight. I banged on the door with all my might, hoping someone would hear me and come to my aid. But there was only silence, and I could feel the man in the corner growing weaker by the minute.

I looked back at the elevator and realized that I had no other choice but to go back up and try to find help. As I made my way back to the elevator, I heard a faint tapping on the wall, and suddenly the man in the corner stood up and started to walk towards me.

I froze, unsure of what to do. The man was small and frail, but his eyes were filled with a fierce determination that made my blood run cold. I quickly stepped back and tried to find an escape route, but it seemed like every door was locked or blocked by debris.

Just as I was about to give up all hope, the man reached out and grabbed me by the arm. I struggled fiercely, but his grip was too strong, and I couldn't break free. He looked down at me with a triumphant smile and said, "You're mine now."

The last thing I remember was the sound of the elevator doors closing behind us as we descended deeper into darkness.