it vividly.

The man stood before me, his face twisted and ugly, his eyes alight with anger and hatred. He reached out to touch me, but I pulled away. "Don't ever come back here!" he yelled at me, his voice shaking with rage. I ran as fast as my little legs could carry me, dodging cars and people in my path.

I woke up on the floor of my bedroom, gasping for breath. My heart was racing. It had taken me so long to get back here, to this place where I felt safe. But it wasn't enough. It wasn't enough to just be safe. I needed to fix it.

I got down on my knees and prayed. Please God, I thought, make it happen. Make it right. I could feel the weight of my despair pressing down on me, suffocating me. I couldn't take it anymore.

"I know you," a voice whispered in my ear. "You're lost." It was the voice that had haunted my dreams for so long. The voice that had come to me in my darkest moments, telling me how worthless I was.

I turned to look at it, but there was no one there. I looked around my bedroom, but everything seemed normal. I was alone, but I wasn't lost. "Please," I whispered, "help me."

But the voice just laughed at me, mocking my plea for help. It told me how pathetic I was, how nobody cared about me. It told me that I didn't deserve any better than what I had. And it reminded me of the man from the sandbox, how he had hurt me so badly.

I tried to fight back, but my arms and legs were too weak. The voice was too powerful. I collapsed onto the floor, defeated.

"It's too late," the voice whispered in my ear. "You should have killed yourself when you had the chance." It sounded like it was right next to me, just out of reach. I could feel its cold breath on my neck.

I closed my eyes and prayed again. Please God, I thought, don't let him win. Don't let him take me away. But my prayers went unanswered. The voice was too strong.

When I opened my eyes, I found myself lying in a hospital bed. My body was covered in bruises and cuts, and I could feel the weight of pain pressing down on me. I tried to sit up, but my head spun and I fell back onto the pillow.

I looked around the room, but it didn't seem familiar. The walls were white and sterile, and there was no window or door in sight. It felt like a tomb.

"Hello?" I called out, but there was no answer. No one seemed to be there. I tried to scream, but my throat was too dry. "Please," I whispered, "help me."

But there was no one to hear me. I was alone, trapped in this dark and scary place. All I could do was lie there and wait for death to come and take me away.