us were blackbirds - or rather, black-feathered birds - but that didn't mean anything. It just meant that we were a group of crows, and crows, by definition, were murderers. 

 I remember the first time I heard the word "murder." I was sitting in the backyard, watching as the other blackbirds gathered around the body of our dead friend, Charlie. It was a beautiful sight - the way they all huddled together, their beaks touching, mourning their lost companion. But there was something else about it that was oddly comforting. It was almost as if the word "murder" made sense to me then, even though I couldn't quite put my finger on what it meant. 

 I didn't know Charlie very well. He was always a bit of an outsider, and he tended to keep to himself most of the time. But whenever we did spend time together, I felt like I was getting to know him all over again. We talked about everything from politics to music, and sometimes even the weather. It was always nice to have someone who could appreciate the beauty in the small things, like a rainstorm or a beautiful sunset. 

 But it was Charlie's feathers that really intrigued me. His were darker than most blackbirds', almost black as coal. And he wore them like a badge of honor, strutting around with his head held high, his wings spread wide. I remember wishing that my own feathers were as dark and striking as his, but deep down, I knew that it was better to be a regular blackbird than to try and be something you weren't. 

 That's what I thought, at least. Until the day he died. 

 The other crows had all been there when it happened - they'd been gathering around his body, mourning him as if he were a member of their own family. But somehow, I missed it. I was out in the trees, singing a song that I'd learned from one of the older crows, when I heard the commotion down below. 

 I swooped down to see what was happening, and my heart sank as soon as I saw him. Charlie was lying on the ground, his wings spread wide, his feathers stained red. And there were others - other blackbirds - circling around him, their beaks open in shock and horror. 

 I couldn't believe it. Charlie was dead. Murdered. It made no sense. He didn't have any enemies that I knew of. He wasn't a threat to anyone. And yet, here he was, lying on the ground, his life snuffed out like a candle in the wind. 

 The other crows gathered around his body, their feathers ruffling as they whispered amongst themselves. They were all so upset, so distraught. And I couldn't blame them. Charlie had been one of them - a part of their family, if only for a little while. 

 But as much as I wanted to join in with the others, something inside me held me back. I wasn't sure why - perhaps it was just the way that murder felt to me, that strange mixture of shock and fascination. Or maybe it was just the way that Charlie had always seemed different from the rest of us, like he was somehow above our petty squabbles and rivalries. Whatever the reason, I stood there, watching from a distance, as if I were some kind of outsider. 

 And then I heard her. It was a soft voice, barely more than a whisper, but it carried on the wind like a siren's song. "It was an accident," she said. "I swear, it was just an accident." 

 I turned to see who was speaking, and my heart sank as soon as I saw her. It was one of the other blackbirds - a younger, prettier one with feathers that shone like jewels in the sunlight. She was standing over Charlie's body, her beak stained red, her eyes wide with fear and regret. 

 "I didn't mean to," she said again, her voice barely more than a plea. "It just...happened." 

 The other crows stared at her for a moment, their feathers ruffling as they tried to process what she was saying. And then, slowly, one by one, they began to fly away, leaving her standing there alone with Charlie's body. 

 I watched them go, feeling a strange mixture of sadness and relief. Relief that it wasn't me who had caused Charlie's death - that it wasn't my fault that he was lying there on the ground, his life snuffed out like a candle in the wind. But also sadness, because I knew that no matter how much the others tried to convince themselves that it was an accident, they would never truly believe it. 

 And as for me, I couldn't help but think that maybe there was some truth to it - that maybe Charlie had just been in the wrong place at the wrong time. Or perhaps he'd been too proud, too full of himself, and it had gotten him killed. Whatever the reason, one thing was certain - Charlie was gone now, and nothing could ever bring him back. 

 I flew away from the scene that day, my feathers ruffling as I tried to make sense of what had happened. And as I soared through the sky, I couldn't help but think about the word "murder." It was a strange and unsettling word - one that made me uncomfortable, even when I wasn't sure why. 

 But somehow, it felt like it was fitting. After all, we were all crows - murderers, by definition. And Charlie, with his dark feathers and proud demeanor, had been no different. He'd been a part of our family, if only for a little while, but in the end, he'd just been another bird who met an untimely death. 

 And as I flew away from it all, I couldn't help but wonder - what other murders were waiting to happen out there? And how many more blackbirds would fall victim to our deadly game of survival? It was a chilling thought, one that made me wish I could do something to change it. But somehow, I knew that there was nothing I could do - that the world was just too cruel, too unforgiving, for someone like Charlie. 

 And so, I flew on, my feathers ruffling in the wind as I tried to make sense of a world where murder was just a regular occurrence. It wasn't easy - not when you were surrounded by death and destruction every day. But somehow, I managed to keep going, to find beauty and meaning in even the smallest things. 

 Like a rainstorm, for example. Or a beautiful sunset. Or even just the sound of another blackbird singing on the wing. Because in the end, that's what made life worth living - the little moments of joy and happiness that we could find amidst the darkness and despair. And as I flew away from it all, I couldn't help but think that Charlie would have understood - that he would have appreciated the beauty in those small things just as much as I did. 

 And maybe, one day, when the rain had stopped and the sun had set, we would meet again - not as murderers, but as friends, sharing stories and laughter and memories that would last a lifetime. Because in the end, that's what really mattered - not the way we died, but the way we lived. And lived well.