uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuutt that didn't go anywhere, and I went to some parties with friends, but it only resulted in a few awkward moments. I have zero confidence. 

I don't want to be like this forever. I don't even really know who I am without someone else by my side. I don't know what the future holds for me. But I can't even focus on myself and getting my shit together because of how much it scares me to imagine a future without anyone else around, as if I'm just going to be alone forever, always, no matter what.

I used to be able to go out with friends, meet new people, make connections. Now, every time I do, I find myself in my head, obsessing over whether they like me, whether they want to see me again. I know this is normal and healthy for any sort of relationship or friendship, but I don't even have that anymore.

I just don't know how to get past this and move on. I feel like a failure, like an incomplete human being. It's a vicious cycle of self-doubt, fear, and hopelessness. 

I really need help. I need someone to give me advice on how to get out of this situation and move on. Thank you.
User 0: I don’t think it is normal for anyone to never have that fear when getting involved with someone. I think it’s important for you to try to understand where those fears are coming from, what it is about the way you were treated by previous partners that is giving you a fear of rejection and abandonment? I know it sounds like you’ve tried some things but it might be helpful to sit down with a therapist or counselor who can help guide you towards getting out of this head space and understanding yourself better. It might also help you to journal about your experiences and emotions, and reflect on what has been holding you back from moving forward in the past.
User 2: I think it is normal. I've never met anyone in a relationship or friendship who hasn't had those fears. I think my fear is different from everyone else's because I have zero confidence in myself. That fear of abandonment is because I'm so scared of being rejected and then being alone forever. 

I have tried therapy, but it wasn't helpful to me. It was too focused on the past and what could be done with it. There wasn't anything about how to move forward in the present. I want to learn how to deal with my fears and anxieties in a more productive way, not just focus on what happened in the past and what can't be changed anymore. 

I don't think journaling will help. It only makes me obsess over my mistakes and failures. 

I need advice on how to deal with this fear of rejection and abandonment. I need advice on how to move forward and get past it.