ing abused women and we were going to check it out. The man's eyes flashed bright red as he lunged at me with his hand reaching for my neck. I quickly grabbed his wrist and twisted his arm until he fell to the ground. I looked around, and saw a nurse grabbing another child protective services agent, while one of the patients ran away in fear. 
 
 I tried to calm down, but it was hard not to think about the rumor. We left the psych ward with nothing but the nurse's assurance that everything was fine, but something didn't feel right. As we drove back to our office, my agency's director called and told me that he had received an anonymous tip that someone was being tortured in that psych ward. 

 The next day, I went back with another agent and a detective. We entered the ward, but were met by a nurse who told us we couldn't come in. She said everything was fine and there was no one being tortured. She said we should leave and let them do their job. 

 I tried to explain that we had received evidence of abuse, but she wouldn't listen. She told me it was a lie and that we were just trying to ruin her hospital's reputation. I got angry and started shouting at the nurse, but before I could finish, I saw one of the patients running towards me. 

 The patient was a young woman with bruises all over her face, a broken nose, and a cut lip. She told us that she had been raped by the head doctor, who would make her do horrible things for his own pleasure. She said he had even threatened to kill her if she didn't comply with his demands. 

 We immediately contacted the police and the woman was taken to the hospital for treatment. The next day, we received a call from the detective telling us that they had arrested the head doctor and several of the nurses for abuse. It turned out that the head doctor had been using his position to torture patients for years, while the nurses were complicit in the abuse. 

 I couldn't help but think about the man with cold eyes who had tried to strangle me the day before. It was clear now that he had been part of the cover-up and had put my life at risk. As I left the psych ward, I knew that it was important for us to continue to investigate these kinds of cases, no matter how difficult or dangerous they may be.