resser since then, but today I picked them up off the floor and dusted them off.

I thought of how happy we used to be, how much fun we had together, and all the times we rolled the balls as stress relievers. How about a quick game now?

My wife is at work, kids are at school. I don't know if she can hear me or not. I roll one ball, letting it bounce off my hands and into the air, catching it. I roll it again, letting it bounce off the floor and back up to me.

Then I set them down on the desk.

I want to say something, but nothing comes out. My throat is dry. Tears prick at the corners of my eyes.

I can't do this anymore. Can't go through with this any longer.

We used to be happy. We were happy together, and I believed we could work through anything.

But now...

Now, I don't know if this is the right choice or not. The only thing I know for certain is that it has to be done now, while I still have some semblance of strength left in me.

I take a deep breath, and let it out slowly.

It feels like a dagger, but I'll make this decision anyway. I won't chicken out anymore.

I roll the balls one last time. They bounce off each other and hit the floor again and again. It sounds almost like gunfire, a symphony of sorrow echoing in my ears.

Then I press record on my phone.

"Hello," I say. "It's me. I want to talk to you about something important. I need to tell you that our relationship has come to an end."

My voice sounds weak, but it doesn't matter. The words need to be spoken.

"We've tried so hard to make things work, to fix the problems we have. But...

"I can't do this anymore. I don't want to keep living like this, in fear and uncertainty all the time.

"This is not how our story should end. We were meant for something better. Something more fulfilling."

My heart hurts as I say these words. But it's necessary. For my own sake, but also for hers. I can't let her keep going down this path with me, into the darkness that lies ahead.

"I hope you understand," I continue. "I hope you won't hold this against me. We'll always have each other, and we'll always be a part of our children's lives."

"Please, just listen to me. This isn't easy for me either. But it has to be done now, while I still can."

My voice fades into the silence as I press stop on my phone.

I take another deep breath and let it out slowly.

Now it's over.