bit too far... 
``Damn!'' I mutter under my breath. ``This is wrong.''

 It's getting darker and the wind has picked up, not good for hitchhiking. I get out of the car and look around. There's a pub just up the road - maybe I can ask there. 

 I walk towards it but before I get there I see a group of people gathered around someone. They seem to be arguing about something. I cautiously approach and try to hear what they're saying, but they're too far away. 

 Suddenly one of them yells out, "He can't stay here! He's a foreigner! We don't want him!" The others nod in agreement. It's then that I see the police car. It's blocking the road and there are two officers standing by the driver's side, holding handcuffs. 

 A man is sitting on the curb next to a bike, looking terrified. He's wearing a hijab, so I can assume he's Muslim. One of the officers approaches him and says, "I need you to come with us. We have reason to believe you're involved in some illegal activity."

 The man starts crying and the others start shouting at the police. They say things like, "You can't do this! He's innocent!" and "This is racial profiling!" 

 One of them even says, "He's just trying to get home. You can't treat him like this!" 

 It takes a while, but eventually the police manage to lead the man away. They handcuff him and put him in the back of the car. The others start shouting again, saying things like, "This is unacceptable! We won't stand for discrimination!"

 As I watch this unfold, I can't help but think about how this could have been me. How easily my own circumstances could have been misconstrued and led to my arrest. It makes me realize just how lucky I am to be white and have a British passport. 

 I quickly make up my mind. I get back in the car and drive away, not stopping until I'm safely out of the area. I don't know if there was anything I could have done to help that man or stop what happened. But I do know one thing - I will never forget this incident and the way it made me feel. 

 And maybe, just maybe, it will make me more aware of my own privilege and the impact it can have on others.