afted through the window, as he was slowly coming back to reality from what seemed like a bad dream.

“Ross!” A voice shouted his name. He looked around frantically until he saw Emily standing by the door. Her eyes were wide with fear. “You okay? What happened?” she asked.

He sighed deeply. “I’m fine, Em. It was just… a nightmare.”

“A nightmare?” She sounded skeptical, as if trying to make sense of what she heard. “What did you dream about?”

He couldn’t find the words. The memories were too vivid. Too real. He knew that Emily wouldn’t understand, but he didn’t want to explain. Instead, he walked over to the window and opened it. The cool breeze refreshed his face as he gazed out into the darkness of night.

“I’m sorry, Em.” His voice was low, as if he was ashamed of what had happened. “I don’t know why I have these dreams. I thought I was over them.”

Emily crossed her arms and leaned against the doorframe. “You thought you were over them?” She repeated his words. “But they keep coming back. You can’t ignore them, Ross. You need to face them head-on.”

He turned to face her. “How do you expect me to do that? I don’t even know what triggers them.”

She sighed. “Maybe it’s time you talked to someone about it. A therapist or something.”

“I… I don’t know.” He shook his head, unwilling to consider the idea. “I thought I could handle this on my own.”

Emily took a step closer. “Ross, you can’t keep living in fear. These dreams are taking over your life. You need help.”

He looked away, unable to meet her gaze. He didn’t want to admit that she was right. That he needed help. But as much as he tried to ignore it, the fear in Emily’s eyes was undeniable.

“Okay, fine.” He sighed. “I’ll go see a therapist.”

Emily smiled at him. “That’s the spirit, Ross. You can do this.”

He nodded and closed the door behind her, knowing that he had a long road ahead of him. But for the first time in a very long while, he felt hope. Hope that he could finally put an end to these nightmare dreams and move on with his life.