me that I had landed in, this must have been around medieval times. The pain from the rocks subsided as my brain slowly pieced together the information it needed to understand where I was and what had happened. My phone buzzed in my pocket, a strange feeling considering my phone had been destroyed in the car crash that sent me time traveling. I pulled it out and found a small note attached to it, “I wish you were here”. The words made no sense to me until I remembered the person who had sent the note was my deceased grandfather. As tears rolled down my face I realized I had landed in his time and that he had somehow been able to send me a message from beyond the grave.

The pain in my side subsided and I stood up, the sun was beginning to rise and I could feel the warmth on my skin. I began to walk down the dirt road towards the village, hoping that someone there might be able to help me understand what had happened. I walked for what felt like hours before I stumbled upon a small cottage. I knocked on the door and an old woman answered, she looked at me with a mixture of confusion and fear in her eyes.

“Who are you?” she asked tentatively.

“I need your help,” I replied desperately. “I don’t know where I am or how I got here. Can you tell me anything about this time or this place?”

The old woman looked at me for a moment before nodding her head. “Come in, my dear.” She led me inside and sat down at the small table in the center of the room. “You must be hungry, have some bread and cheese.”

As I ate, she began to tell me stories about the time I was in. It was a fascinating time, full of battles and wars, but also peace and prosperity. She told me about my grandfather and how he had been a great leader during those times. As I listened to her stories, I realized that this was the time he had lived in and that he must have somehow sent me this message so that I could understand his legacy.

The old woman finished her story and stood up, “I wish you luck on your journey, but I fear it will be a difficult one.” She handed me a small book that looked ancient. “This may help you understand more about time travel and the dangers of meddling with things that are meant to be.”

With a heavy heart, I thanked her for her help and stepped back outside into the bright morning sun. As I walked away from the cottage, I couldn’t help but feel overwhelmed by the enormity of what had happened. I was lost in a time that was not my own and I didn’t know how to get back to my own. But as I held the old book tightly in my hand, I knew that I wouldn’t be alone on this journey.