1965 Chevy Bel Air, had been involved in an unfortunate incident. The owner, Mr. Thompson, had just gotten home from work when he pulled up to his driveway only to be rear ended by a drunk driver in a newer model Ford Mustang.

The rain hits my face as I step out of the car, the smell of burnt rubber and metal fills my nostrils. My partner, Officer Smith, had just arrived in his cruiser, he rolls down the window and shouts over the roar of the engine "Hey partner, what's the plan?"

"Plan is to assess the damage and see if anyone's hurt," I reply back as I approach the wreckage. The Bel Air looked like it was in pretty bad shape, but I couldn't tell for sure until we got closer. As I walked towards the car, I noticed that there were no visible injuries on the driver side of the vehicle. My heart sank a little bit; accidents involving drunk drivers often resulted in fatalities or serious injuries.

"Looks like the driver is okay," Officer Smith says as he gets out of his cruiser and approaches me. "But what about the passenger?"

"Let's take a look," I respond, opening up the door to the Bel Air. The passenger was indeed unconscious, slumped over the steering wheel. I quickly ran my hand over her forehead, checking for a pulse. It was weak but present.

"She's alive, but she's in bad shape," I say back to Officer Smith as I helped him lift the passenger out of the car and onto the grass. "We need to call an ambulance ASAP."

As we were waiting for the paramedics to arrive, I took a closer look at the damage inside the Bel Air. The dash was smashed in, the steering wheel bent and twisted, and the passenger seat was torn apart. It looked like a violent crash, one that would have left anyone involved badly injured.

But as fate would have it, the driver of the Mustang had fled the scene. We were left with no leads or suspects, only the wreckage of two cars and one very lucky survivor. I couldn't help but wonder what would have happened if Mr. Thompson hadn't been home at that exact moment or if the drunk driver had been driving faster.

As we watched the paramedics load the passenger into the ambulance, Officer Smith turned to me and said "Well partner, looks like our work here is done for today." I nodded in agreement, feeling a sense of relief wash over me. Another case closed, another life saved. But I couldn't shake off this feeling of unease; something didn't feel right about this one.

As we drove back to the station, the rain continued to fall heavily. The lightning seemed to strike even more frequently, illuminating the dark grey sky with its bright flashes. It was as if nature itself was mourning the loss of another life on the road. And I couldn't help but wonder, how many more would it take for us to finally understand the true cost of drunk driving?