age on the gas pump at 12.9 instead of 15.9, but that didn't make me evil. It made me human.

But today, I did something much worse and now I don't know what to do about it.

My friend has been struggling for a while with his finances. He's had to take out multiple loans to cover medical bills and car repairs and he's been unable to pay them back. We talked about it at length and we both agreed that he should declare bankruptcy so that he can start fresh with no debt.

I offered to help him by writing a letter of recommendation for a non-profit credit counseling agency where he could go for advice. I told him I would be happy to write the letter and that it wouldn't cost him anything. I even went as far as to offer to pay the postage myself so he didn't have to worry about it.

The next day, I received a call from my friend's wife. She was sobbing on the phone and telling me that she had taken matters into her own hands and decided to write the letter for him instead. She said that she wanted to make sure he got the best possible help and that she didn't want to be responsible for any bad decisions he made.

I felt terrible. I had promised my friend that I would help him and now I was taking away his chance to get the advice he needed. I also realized that I had been too quick to offer my help without fully understanding what the consequences might be. I knew better than to give out unsolicited advice, especially in matters as important as finances.

I hung up the phone feeling guilty and ashamed of myself. I didn't know how to make things right and I didn't want to make my friend feel worse about his situation. All I could do was apologize and offer to take him out for dinner to try to talk things through.

As I sat at the table, I couldn't help but think about what I had done wrong and how I could fix it. I realized that there are times when we should step back and let others make their own decisions, even if it means they don't get the best advice from us. We can't control how people choose to handle their situations, but we can control our own behavior and how we respond to them.

I also learned a valuable lesson about the importance of honesty and integrity in relationships. I know that my friend is struggling with his finances and that he may not always make the right decisions, but it's important for me to respect his autonomy and allow him to work through his problems on his own. I can only offer support and guidance when he asks for it and let him take responsibility for his actions.

In the end, I hope that my friend is able to get the help he needs and that he's able to turn things around. I may not have been perfect in my response to this situation, but I learned a lot about myself and what it means to be a true friend.