heart was pounding in my chest and my palms were sweaty. He stood just ahead of me, I couldn't help but stare at him. His dark hair fell in perfect waves down to his jawline and his piercing blue eyes caught my attention. 

 "Hey," he said as we neared the counter. It was a casual greeting, nothing out of the ordinary. But for some reason, it made me feel like we had been friends for years. 

 I hesitated, unsure what to say, but he must have sensed my nervousness because he leaned in close and whispered, "You're really beautiful." My cheeks flushed with embarrassment and I stammered a thank you before quickly moving forward. 

 When I reached the counter, I ordered my lunch and stepped aside to wait for it to be prepared. As I stood there, I couldn't help but steal glances at him. He was laughing with his friends, completely oblivious to the fact that he had captured my attention. 

 I waited patiently until my food was ready, eagerly grabbing it and hurrying back to find a place to eat. But as I walked through the crowded cafeteria, I found myself drawn towards him again. 

 He was sitting at a table with a few other friends, but my eyes were only on him. His broad shoulders slouched comfortably under his shirt and his jeans fit perfectly on his hips. I couldn't help but feel like he was meant to be in my life somehow. 

 As I approached the table, I heard one of his friends say something that made me laugh. It was a simple joke, but for some reason, it felt like the most brilliant thing I had ever heard. And as I laughed, I noticed that he was looking at me with a smile on his face. 

 My heart skipped a beat and I quickly looked away, afraid of what he might say or do next. But as I turned back to him, I saw that his smile had only grown wider. "Hey," he said again, this time with a little more flair in his voice. "What's your name?" 

 I stammered my response and we continued to talk for the rest of lunch. It was like nothing I had ever experienced before. The way he made me feel like we were connected on a deep level, like I could tell him anything without fear of judgment or rejection. 

 As the day came to an end, I found myself feeling more and more drawn towards him. I couldn't help but feel like there was something special about him that I couldn't quite put my finger on. And as I walked back towards my locker, I knew that I had to see him again. 

 But little did I know, fate had other plans for us.