ulogy, as if he had nothing better to do than make another man’s funeral more memorable. My vision blurs, my body lurches forward, and I fall upon the ground, gripping my chest with a burning need.

My breath comes in short, ragged gasps as I realize that I’m still alive. The pain is so intense, I feel like someone has torn me apart with their bare hands. I wince from the force of each labored breath, but I refuse to give up. I can’t. I have to survive.

I hear movement, and a hand reaches out to grab me. I shudder as it touches my body, leaving a cold sweat upon my skin. I pull away, clutching at my chest, trying to catch my breath. The person in the mask looks down upon me with disgust, but I can’t help but feel a strange sense of comfort from their presence.

“Shh,” they whisper, “It’s alright.”

I close my eyes and try to calm myself as the pain begins to subside. A moment passes, and then another, until finally, it fades away entirely. I look around at my surroundings, taking in the chaos of a battlefield. Men run in all directions, their weapons held high above their heads. Blood splatters cover the ground, and bodies lie strewn about like broken ragdolls.

As I sit there, catching my breath, I realize that I’m not alone. There are others nearby who have also survived the blast. They too are clutching at their chests, trying to soothe the burning pain within. We look at each other in silence, knowing that we’ve all been through something terrible.

But there’s one person who stands out amongst the rest. The coward who had shot me. He crouches over the body of another man, looting his belongings as if he had no honor or compassion whatsoever. His eyes glint with malice and greed as he surveys his newfound spoils.

I can’t help but feel a sense of rage at this sight. How could someone be so cruel? How could they do something like this? I know that I should hate him, but there’s something else that stirs within me instead. Something darker and more primal.

A desire for revenge.

I slowly rise from my spot on the ground, my body shaking with adrenaline. I know that I can’t do this alone. I need help. I turn to the others nearby, my voice barely above a whisper as I plead with them, “We have to stop him.”

They nod in agreement, and together we make our way towards our enemy. We move silently, like shadows slipping through the darkness. As we get closer, we can see that he’s not alone. There are others with him, armed and ready to defend their loot.

But we won’t let them.

We charge forward, guns blazing and fists flying as we fight our way through the enemy line. They’re caught off guard by our sudden attack, and they falter and fall one by one. The coward tries to escape, but there’s no getting away from us now.

I grab him by the collar of his shirt and drag him back towards where we started. He struggles and kicks, but I hold firm, refusing to let him go. As we near our target, I can see that he’s starting to lose hope. He knows that he’s no match for us, and he begins to plead with me to release him.

“Please,” he begs, “I don’t want to die.”

But I won’t listen. I pull him close and look deep into his eyes, my voice low and cold as I say, “You should have thought of that before you decided to shoot an unarmed man.”

And with that, I end his life just as quickly as it began. He falls to the ground, lifeless, as the others cheer in triumph. We’ve done it. We’ve avenged our fallen friend and brought justice to those who deserved it most.

As we stand there, surrounded by the bodies of our enemies, I can’t help but feel a strange sense of satisfaction. We may be criminals ourselves, but at least we’re not as cruel or heartless as the coward who had shot me. We have honor and compassion within us, even if it’s tainted by our darker side.

But for now, that’s enough. We’ve accomplished what we set out to do, and we can rest easy knowing that our actions were just. And as the sun begins to set upon this battlefield, I know that we’ll do it again. Because when it comes to revenge, there’s no limit to how far we’re willing to go.