into the cab of the truck. He looked at the driver's side window and saw Dwight pruning a bush with shears, his face grimy with dirt and sweat.

"Hey Dexter," he said gruffly. "You got my report on the 1987 Honda Civic?"

Dexter looked at him blankly. "Which one?"

"The one we were supposed to get from the junkyard this morning. The one I sent you out to pick up."

"Oh, yeah. Got it." Dexter opened the glove compartment and rummaged around inside, pulling out a clipboard covered in notes. "Here it is. Serial number: 1JZ8791234."

Dwight looked at him suspiciously. "Are you sure about that?"

"Yeah, I'm sure. I wrote it down myself."

Dwight nodded, satisfied. "Good. Let me know if there's anything else you need to do."

Dexter closed the glove compartment and climbed back into the passenger seat of the truck. As he waited for Dwight to start driving again, he couldn't help but wonder what was wrong with him today. Was it the hot weather? The cold? The fact that he had to spend his day out in the cold picking up a junked car and delivering it to a salvage yard? Whatever it was, it seemed to be getting to Dwight.

As they drove through the city, Dexter tried to distract himself by reading the notes on the clipboard. But he couldn't focus. He kept looking out the window at the buildings around them, trying to take in the sights and sounds of the city. Maybe that would help him clear his mind.

Finally, they arrived at their destination: a rundown building on the edge of town. The windows were boarded up, and the door was hanging off its hinges. Dexter looked over at Dwight, who seemed to be in a good mood for the first time all day.

"Hey," he said. "You know, I think I've found my dream house."

Dexter raised an eyebrow. "Really? What makes you say that?"

"It's old, sure. But it's got character. It's got a wraparound porch and a big yard out back. And it's right on the edge of town, where the air is clean and quiet."

Dexter shook his head. "You're not serious. That place has been abandoned for years. It's probably full of bugs and rats."

"I don't care about that," Dwight said with a smile. "I can fix anything up. I could have that place looking like new in no time."

Dexter snorted. "Sure, you could. But what about the money? You'll need a lot of it to fix that place up."

"I've got plenty of savings," Dwight said confidently. "I just need to find the right deal. And I think I've found it."

Dexter shook his head again. "You're crazy, Dwight. That place is a disaster. You should forget about it and move on."

But Dwight just laughed at him. "You don't understand me, Dexter. I'm not like you. I don't need to spend my life collecting rare coins and stamps. I want something more meaningful than that. I want a place where I can put down roots and build a home for myself."

Dexter sighed. "Fine. If that's what you really want, go ahead. But don't expect me to help you with it."

With that, Dexter climbed out of the truck and headed towards the salvage yard to drop off the 1987 Honda Civic. As he walked, he couldn't help but feel a little jealous of Dwight. Sure, he had his own dreams, but he didn't have the same kind of passion for them as Dwight did. He just wasn't the kind of person who could put their heart into something like that.

As he stood at the counter in the salvage yard, Dexter looked around at the other cars that were piled up here. He couldn't help but wonder what stories they had to tell. What kind of people had driven them? What had happened to make them end up here?

He shook his head, pushing those thoughts aside. There was only one thing he could do now: focus on the task at hand. He handed the clipboard over to the cashier and waited for her to process it. As he did, he couldn't help but feel a little uneasy. Something didn't seem right. Something about Dwight and his dream house just didn't add up.

But try as he might, Dexter couldn't put his finger on what it was. He just had to trust that everything would work out in the end. And with that thought in mind, he headed back towards the truck, ready to hit the road again.