encils that were on my desk and started to run down the hallway.

I could see the smoke coming from the end of the hall. The door at the end was closed, but there didn't seem to be any fire in the building. It was just some sort of mistake. I was running towards the exit when someone stopped me in front of a door.

"Wait!" he said. "I need you."

It was Mr. Brown, the history teacher. He looked terrified, and I could see that his hands were shaking slightly.

"What do you want?" I asked.

"We need to go back up to the library," he replied. "There's something we need to find there."

I didn't know what to say. We were supposed to be going the other way. But Mr. Brown was in a panic, and I couldn't just leave him alone. So I nodded and followed him back up to the library.

We got to the third floor, where the library was located, and headed towards the back corner of the room. There was a bookshelf there that had been knocked over, and behind it was a door.

"This is it," Mr. Brown said. "I need you to open the door."

I hesitated for a moment, but then I heard someone in the room beyond. It was Mrs. Johnson, the librarian. She looked terrified too.

"What's going on?" she asked.

Mr. Brown explained that there had been some sort of mistake with the fire alarm, and that they needed to get into the room behind the bookshelf. I didn't know what was in there, but it didn't sound good.

I turned to Mrs. Johnson. "Are you okay?" I asked.

She nodded, but her eyes were wide with fear. Mr. Brown pulled out a key, and I watched as he inserted it into the lock on the door. He turned it slowly, and there was a loud creak as the door swung open.

I peered inside, and what I saw took my breath away. It was a dark room, with shelves of books lined up against the walls. In the middle of the room was a table, and on top of the table was a book that was glowing with an otherworldly light.

It was like something out of a story. And as I reached out to touch it, I felt a sudden rush of energy coursing through my body. It was like nothing I had ever experienced before. And then everything went black.

When I woke up, I was lying on the floor of the library. Mr. Brown and Mrs. Johnson were standing over me, looking relieved.

"What happened?" I asked, sitting up.

"We found a book that contained a portal to another world," Mr. Brown said. "It was a mistake to bring it into the school. We need to get rid of it before anyone else finds out."

I looked around the room. There wasn't any sign of the glowing book. It had vanished, like it had never been there. I felt a sudden sense of loss. That book had seemed so real, and so amazing. I didn't want to believe that it was all just a dream.

But Mr. Brown and Mrs. Johnson were right. We couldn't risk anyone else finding out about the book. So we carefully wrapped it up in some blankets and carried it out of the school.

As we walked down the street towards my house, I couldn't shake the feeling that something was missing. That there was more to the story than what they had told me. But for now, all I could do was trust them. And hope that one day I would find out the truth about that mysterious book, and the world it had led me to.