cruel reminder of his punishment for failing the Avengers. Clint Barton, Hawkeye, had shot him down and left him in this cell, a small space with no windows or doors other than the two bars that secured him to the wall.

 "I would say something, but I think you already know," he muttered, his voice soft but filled with determination. 

 "You may be right about that."

 The sound of footsteps echoed through the cell, and the Iron Fist braced himself for whatever was to come next. A door slammed open, the metal bars groaning in protest as they swung back and forth. A figure stepped into the room, his head held high, his face hard to make out in the dim light of the cell. 

 "So, you're finally willing to talk," he said, his voice filled with venom. 

 The Iron Fist glared up at him, his eyes narrowed as he tried to see who it was. He recognized the man immediately, but couldn't quite place him in any of the Avengers' files. "Who are you?" he growled, his voice low and threatening. 

 "I am Thor Odinson," the figure replied, his voice filled with a cold arrogance. The Iron Fist recognized the name, but not the face. He was new to the Avengers, having only recently joined after his brother Loki had betrayed the team. 

 "What do you want from me?" the Iron Fist demanded, his voice rising in anger. 

 Thor grinned down at him, his eyes filled with a cruel pleasure. "I think we both know what I want," he said, his voice dripping with malice. 

 The Iron Fist glared up at him, his fists clenched tightly as he tried to restrain himself from attacking. He had been wrong about Loki and the new Avenger, but it was too late to do anything about it now. He knew that he would have to find a way out of this cell if he wanted to protect anyone else from Thor's wrath. 

 "What are you going to do with me?" he demanded again, his voice shaking slightly. 

 Thor stepped back, his eyes narrowing as he considered the Iron Fist. "I'm not sure," he said finally, his voice filled with a cold smile. "But I think we both know that it won't be pretty."