After struggling for a while I finally get my foot over the top, and now I have to scramble across the narrow top of the cliff trying not to slip off. 

As I make my way across the top I can see the smoke rising from the wreckage of my plane below me. The small cabin is completely destroyed. It’s hard to believe that just a few minutes ago I was in there with my family and friends, laughing and having fun. Now it’s just a pile of metal and debris. 

As I get closer to the wreckage, I can see that there are bodies lying outside the cabin. Some of them look like they were still alive when the plane crashed, but now they’re just limp and motionless. My heart sinks as I realize that my family and friends must have been among those killed in the crash. 

I take a deep breath and try to steady myself before continuing my search for survivors. But as I get closer to the wreckage I start to feel a strong sense of vertigo, and it’s hard to keep my balance on the narrow top of the cliff. I have to carefully make my way back to the rocky side and climb down the side of the cliff to safety. 

As I make my way back down the side of the cliff, I can hear the sound of rescue workers approaching. I try to flag them down, but they don’t see me until it’s almost too late. They’re about to walk past me when one of them notices my clothes and realizes that I might have been on the plane. They quickly grab me and take me to their makeshift medical station. 

I’m taken to a nearby hospital where they treat my injuries and try to find out if anyone else from my family or friends survived the crash. But after several hours of questioning and examining me, the doctors tell me that there’s no sign of anyone else surviving. My family and friends are all dead. 

I’m left alone in a small room with my injuries and my thoughts. I try to think back to what happened on the plane and how it could have been so different. But all I can think about is the feeling of helplessness and despair that overtook me as the plane started to plummet down towards the ground. 

Days turn into weeks, and weeks turn into months, but I can’t seem to shake off the feeling of loss and grief that has consumed me since the crash. I try to move on with my life, but every time I see a plane in the sky or hear the sound of engines, it reminds me of the day my family and friends were taken away from me. 

It’s been several years now, and I’ve managed to put my life back together to some extent. But the memories of that fateful day will always stay with me. And every time I think about it, my heart breaks all over again.