ken a cage than a room, and the metal door made me feel like we were all trapped inside. 
 
 My cell was a tiny cubicle in the center of a large chamber. The walls were lined with cells just like mine, all filled with people. The fluorescent lights above cast an eerie glow that illuminated everything but made us look like ghosts. 
 
 I had no idea what this place was or why I was here. All I knew was that the people in my cell were strangers to me. We didn't know anything about each other, and it was clear that none of us wanted to be there. 
 
 But what really scared me was the guards. They were everywhere, patrolling the hallways and peering through the small windows of our cells. There was never a moment when I wasn't being watched. 
 
 Every day, we would be given some kind of food, which tasted like nothing but metal and chalk. We had no idea what we were eating, or if it was even safe to eat. All we knew was that the guards would come and take our trays away once we were finished, so we couldn't throw it out the window or anything else we could do with it. 
 
 The only way to communicate with the outside world was through a small button on the wall of our cells. It said "Help" in large, red letters that seemed to mock us. But no one ever came. The guards would just watch us from the other side of the door and laugh at us. 
 
 I had been stuck here for weeks, with no idea where I was or why I was there. And now, I was starting to feel like I was going crazy. 
 
 My mind raced with questions. Who am I? Where am I? Why am I here? What have I done wrong? Is this what they mean by justice? Is this really the best I can do for my crimes? 
 
 And then I remembered. I had been accused of something terrible, and the only way out of this place was to prove my innocence. But how was I supposed to do that when no one would listen to me, and no one knew anything about me except for what the guards were allowed to tell them? 
 
 It was then that I realized that I wasn't alone. There were others in here with me, all of us trying to figure out how to escape this place and prove our innocence. And maybe, just maybe, we could do it together.