irstyle that I had put on hold the night before so I wouldn't have to do it in the morning. It was one of those old school combos that required me to comb, style, and dry my hair all over again. I had a bad hair day and this wasn't going to help. 

 I went into the bathroom and turned on the lights. The mirror looked back at me with its reflection that I didn't like. I pulled out my razor and shaving cream. I shaved my face and neck as quickly as possible, being careful not to cut myself. 

 As I washed off the shaving cream, I noticed the reflection again. I had a dark circle under my left eye. It was from last night when I stayed up late playing video games. I sighed and grabbed some concealer. I applied it on my dark circle and then went back to the mirror. 

 The reflection didn't look any better. My skin was dry and pale, and my eyes looked tired. I took a deep breath and let out all the frustration of the day that hadn't even started yet. I went out of the bathroom and got dressed. 

 I had planned on having breakfast in bed today, but I couldn't find any milk to make coffee. So I had to go out to the grocery store before work. I grabbed my keys and headed out the door. 

 The sun was already up, and the streets were bustling with people. I walked quickly to the grocery store, trying to avoid eye contact with anyone. I wasn't feeling too great, and I didn't want anyone to notice. 

 I grabbed a cart and started walking down the aisles, looking for milk. It was harder to find than I thought it would be. I finally found it in the back of the store, next to the eggs. 

 I picked up two cartons of milk and headed to the checkout line. As I waited in line, I couldn't help but think about how much better my day was going to be after I had some coffee in me. 

 I finally made it to the cashier and paid for my items. I grabbed my bags and headed out of the store. It wasn't until I got back to my apartment that I realized I forgot my phone charger at home. 

 I sighed and sat down on the couch, taking off my shoes and socks. I had a long day ahead of me, and it was only 9am. I grabbed my phone and plugged it in, hoping it would charge quickly. 

 As I waited for my phone to charge, I contemplated what I was going to do with the rest of my day. Maybe I should try to take a nap and get some extra rest. Or maybe I should just start working early so I could get done with work sooner. 

 But then I remembered something that my therapist had told me last week. She said that it's important to take care of yourself, both physically and mentally. So I made a decision to do something nice for myself today. 

 I grabbed a book from the shelf and settled down on the couch with a cup of coffee. I started reading, and before I knew it, hours had passed. It was like I had been transported to another world, one where my problems didn't exist. 

 As the sun began to set, I put the book down and got up from the couch. My phone had charged completely, and I felt refreshed and rejuvenated. I smiled to myself as I walked back into the kitchen and started making dinner.