time.

 "I guess it's not bad," he said.
 
`` Actually,'' I said, `` it is terrible. Every day you are here before me and every day you get to sit at your desk when I have to stand in line."

"But you are going to the post office!" he said. "There are people there all the time."
 
`` Yes," I said. "I'm going to the post office, but I'm not getting any work done while you are sitting at your desk."

``You know what?" he said. ``You should bring your laptop here and you can get some work done in our building until you can pick up your mail.'' 

I couldn't believe that I was actually listening to him. "Are you serious?" I asked.

"Yes," he said. "Just plug it into the power outlet and we have plenty of space here for you."

"No way," I said. ``I can't do that. My boss is going to kill me if I work from this building. He only allows us to use our laptops at home or in our designated work areas."

"Then why not just bring your laptop with you?" he asked. "You can have lunch at the post office and then go back to your job. It's not like you are going to get anything done here anyway."

I was stunned by his suggestion. "No way," I said again. ``This is unacceptable. I need my designated work area to do my job. I can't just bring my laptop with me and set up shop in the post office."

"Why not?" he asked.

``Because that is against company policy," I said. "And if I start doing it, then everyone will start doing it and we'll have chaos in the building."

"Well," he said. ``You know what? If you can't figure out a way to make it work for you, maybe you should look for another job that is more accommodating.'' 

I felt like my coworker was trying to convince me to quit my job, which was ridiculous. I just couldn't believe that he was seriously suggesting this to me. "You know what?" I said. ``That is terrible advice. I am not going to quit my job because of a problem with the post office."

He shrugged and turned back to his work. It was clear to me that he didn't understand the gravity of the situation. But I was determined to make it work for me, no matter what anyone else said.