mind already thinking about what I would say when she asked why I was late. She had always been very strict on punctuality. We were late for dinner with her parents, something I'm sure she didn't want.
 
 I opened the door and closed it quickly behind me, pulling out my phone to check the time again. 
 
 It was now exactly 6:05.
 
 The gate creaked open as I hurried through it, but that's when I saw her. She stood there in the doorway, arms crossed, looking at me with a scowl on her face.
 
 "You're late," she said.
 
 "I know."
 
 "You know what?"
 
 "What?"
 
 She uncrossed her arms and stepped forward. "Let's go see your dad."
 
 I nodded, following her down the hallway to his office. As we walked, she kept glancing at me out of the corner of her eye, trying not to smile. When we got to his office, he was already sitting behind his desk, typing away on his computer.
 
 "Dad," she said as we walked in.
 
 "Hey."
 
 "I'm sorry we're late."
 
 He looked up from his computer and glared at me. "You're always late. It doesn't matter how much you apologize, it doesn't make up for it."
 
 I swallowed hard, knowing he was right. "I know," I said, my voice low.
 
 He looked back at his computer and sighed. "Well, let's get started then. We have a lot to do tonight."
 
 As we sat down at the table and began eating, she kept glancing at me, trying not to laugh. But when he looked up from his food to ask me what I thought about something, she burst out laughing. 

 "Why are you so serious all the time?" she asked him.
 
 He shook his head, smiling. "Because that's how I like it."
 
 "But don't you ever want to have fun? Don't you ever want to relax and enjoy life?"
 
 He frowned at her. "I do, but not all the time."
 
 She rolled her eyes and took another bite of food. "Well, maybe you should try it sometime," she said, winking at me.
 
 I couldn't help but chuckle as she continued to tease my dad throughout dinner. It was a nice change of pace from our usual dinners, which were often tense and uncomfortable.