The floor beneath me was a cold marble slab, and I couldn’t move. I tried to shake off the feeling that this was all some sort of nightmare. But it only got worse as I tried to focus on anything. My vision seemed to blur into nothingness, as if all light had been sucked away. 

My breathing became ragged, my heartbeat thundering in my chest. It felt as if I was suffocating, trapped within this darkness. Panic gripped me, and I tried to fight it. I tried to focus on anything at all, but nothing seemed to make sense. 

And then…I heard something. A soft whisper, barely audible. It seemed to be coming from all around me, but I couldn’t see a single person. “Hello?” I called out, my voice trembling. “Is anyone there? Can you hear me?” 

The whispers grew louder, and the feeling of suffocation began to subside. “There is no one here.” It was a man’s voice, cold and detached. “You are alone, and there is nothing you can do.” 

I felt tears begin to stream down my face as I realized that this was all real. I had been in an accident, and now I was trapped here, unable to move or see. All I could do was listen. “Please,” I begged, “can someone help me? Can you hear me?” 

The whispers grew louder still, until they were right next to my ear. “You are lost. There is no one who can help you.” 

I felt a wave of despair wash over me, but then something strange happened. The whispers began to fade away, replaced by the sound of footsteps echoing through the hall. I heard the cold marble slab shift beneath my feet as someone approached, and then…light. 

It was bright and blinding, and I squinted as my eyes adjusted to the sudden change. Slowly, I began to see a figure standing in front of me, a man with a cruel expression on his face. “What do you want from me?” he demanded, his voice low and threatening. 

I tried to speak, but my throat was dry and constricted. “Please,” I managed to croak out, “just help me. Let me go.” 

The man stared down at me for a long moment, his eyes cold and empty. Finally, he nodded slowly. “Fine,” he said, his voice barely audible. “But only because you’re so damn easy to get rid of.” 

With that, he grabbed hold of me and began to drag me out of the hall, down a long corridor lined with doors. I struggled as hard as I could, but he was too strong. “Please,” I pleaded, my voice cracking with fear, “let me go. Please.” 

But it was no use. The man simply ignored me, continuing to drag me deeper into the darkness. And then…silence. The doors disappeared behind us, and we were alone. 

I felt a cold chill run down my spine as the man released his grip on me, and I fell to the ground with a soft thud. “Please,” I gasped, my voice barely above a whisper, “don’t leave me here.” 

The man stared down at me for a long moment, his expression inscrutable. And then…he laughed. It was a cruel sound, like the grinding of stone against stone. “You’re nothing but a waste of space,” he spat out. “No one will ever miss you.” 

And with that, he turned and walked away, leaving me alone in the darkness. I could hear the sound of his footsteps echoing through the empty halls, until they were nothing more than a distant memory. 

But even as I lay there, shivering in the cold silence, I knew that I couldn’t give up. I had to keep fighting, no matter what. Because if I didn’t…I might never see the light again.