... I mean kids, to speed down and show off their fancy cars. Every time I would get a call from the local police about these fuckers doing doughnuts in my driveway, I couldn't help but cringe at the thought of these little shitbags ruining my day again. 

 But then I realized that maybe they weren't such bad kids after all. Maybe they just needed a little guidance and someone to care about them. So I decided to take it upon myself to be their mentor, or at least try to be. 

 My first attempt was to leave a note in the mailbox of the house where these idiots lived. It was a simple message: "Hey kids, your driving is reckless and dangerous. Please stop doing doughnuts on my driveway. If you need someone to talk to or advice on anything, I'm here for ya." 

 To my surprise, they actually responded. They left a note in my mailbox thanking me for the message and promising to be more careful from now on. I was impressed by their maturity and willingness to learn from their mistakes. 

 Over the next few weeks, I would occasionally see them driving by and do a double take to make sure they weren't doing doughnuts again. To my amazement, they never did. They even started waving at me and giving me thumbs ups as they passed. 

 I decided to take it a step further and invite them over for dinner. They were hesitant at first, but after some coaxing, they agreed. We had a great time talking and laughing, and I felt like I was making a real connection with these kids. 

 From there, things just kept getting better. They would come by my house regularly to chat and hang out, and I would even take them on errands with me sometimes. I started seeing them in a whole new light, and I couldn't help but feel proud of the person they were becoming. 

 As it turned out, these kids had been struggling with their parents and were just looking for someone to talk to and confide in. They had never really had anyone they could trust, and I was happy to step into that role. 

 Looking back, I realize now that my initial reaction to these kids was completely unfair and misguided. They were just young, troubled souls who needed a little guidance and support. And I'm glad I took the time to give them that. Who knows where they would be now if I hadn't?