that much. The air was thick with the smell of decaying materials, mould and rot. It made him feel sick inside, but he forced himself to calm down.

It had been two months since he'd received the call from Dr. Blackwood - a mysterious, wealthy scientist who owned a number of top-secret facilities across the globe. Carson knew that Blackwood had been working on some kind of super-weapon for years. The details were vague, but Carson suspected it had something to do with the military. He'd never worked for anyone so rich or powerful before, and he didn't know if he could trust him.

But the money was good, and the job sounded interesting - at least that was what Blackwood had told him. And so, Carson had taken it. Little did he know that the real danger would be coming from someone else entirely.

As Carson sat there, pondering his next move, a figure stepped out of the shadows. It was a man in his early forties, dressed all in black, with his face obscured by a ski mask. Carson recognized him as one of Blackwood's guards - they'd been working together for a while now.

"Are you ready?" the guard asked Carson. "The doctor wants to see you."

Carson nodded and followed the guard inside the warehouse. They walked down a long, dimly lit corridor, passing by rows of crates filled with old military equipment. Carson could hear the sound of footsteps echoing through the building - he wondered if there were any other guards stationed here.

As they approached the end of the corridor, the guard opened a door to reveal a small, sterile room. Inside, Dr. Blackwood sat at a desk, surrounded by vials filled with various chemicals and compounds. Carson knew that Blackwood was capable of creating some of the most deadly weapons in existence - and he couldn't help but feel a little uneasy about what he might be getting himself into.

"Dr. Blackwood," Carson said, bowing his head slightly. "As requested."

Blackwood looked up from his desk, eyes cold and calculating. "I've been expecting you," he said. "You know what your job is, don't you?"

Carson nodded. "Yes, sir. To help you with your new weapon."

"Exactly," Blackwood replied. "And I have no doubt that you'll be more than qualified for the task at hand."

Blackwood gestured for Carson to take a seat, and Carson complied. The doctor leaned forward, his voice low and menacing. "You see, there's a new kind of threat out there - one that we can't afford to ignore any longer," he said. "I've been working on a project for years now - something that will give us the edge we need to stay ahead of our enemies."

"What are you talking about?" Carson asked, trying to keep his voice steady.

"I'm talking about a virus," Blackwood replied. "A virus that can turn anyone who comes into contact with it into an assassin - a weapon so deadly and efficient that it would make even the most highly trained soldiers tremble in fear."

Carson felt a shiver run down his spine. "That sounds... terrifying," he said.

"It is," Blackwood agreed. "But it's also our only hope of defeating the enemy. And I need someone like you - someone with your particular set of skills - to help me perfect this weapon."

Carson hesitated for a moment, then nodded. "Alright," he said. "I'll do whatever you need me to."

Blackwood smiled coldly. "Good," he said. "Then let's get started."

As Carson and Blackwood began their work together, they soon discovered that the virus was not as easy to create as they had hoped. It took weeks of experimentation and testing before they were able to come up with a strain that was both deadly and stable enough to be used in a weapon.

And even then, Carson couldn't shake the feeling that something was wrong. The virus seemed too powerful - too dangerous - to be controlled by anyone, let alone someone as unstable as Blackwood.

As the days turned into weeks and the weeks into months, Carson found himself growing more and more paranoid. He felt like he was being watched - that someone was always lurking in the shadows, waiting for him to slip up. He began to wonder if Blackwood was even who he claimed to be - or if he was just a pawn in some larger, darker game.

One night, as Carson was working late in the lab, he heard a faint noise coming from one of the other rooms. It sounded like someone was trying to break in - but when he opened the door, no one was there.

Carson quickly closed the door and locked it, then began to search the room for any sign of intruders. That's when he found the note - tucked underneath a pile of papers on Blackwood's desk.

It read: "I know what you're doing, Carson. And I won't let you succeed."

Carson felt his blood run cold. Who could have written this? And what did they want from him?

As he sat there, trying to make sense of the note, Carson heard another sound - a soft click, coming from the lock on the door. He turned around just in time to see a figure slip through the doorway, cloaked in darkness and silence.

Carson recognized him immediately - it was one of Blackwood's guards, the same man who had brought him here two months ago. But something was different about him - his eyes were cold and calculating, and he moved with a deadly precision that Carson had never seen before.

The guard approached Carson slowly, then stopped just inches away from his face. "You shouldn't have come here," he said. "You should have stayed where you belonged."

Carson tried to speak, but no words came out. He felt like he was being held in a vice grip - unable to move or even think.

The guard reached into his pocket and pulled out a small, black device. Carson recognized it immediately - it was a gun, modified to fire a powerful, fast-acting poison. The guard raised the gun to Carson's head and squeezed the trigger.

As the poison coursed through his veins, Carson felt like he was floating - detached from everything around him. He watched as the guard turned and slipped back into the darkness, leaving him alone in the room.

Carson couldn't feel anything anymore - not even fear. He felt like he was trapped in some kind of dream - a nightmare that he couldn't wake up from. And as the poison took its toll on his body, Carson knew that there was no coming back.

The virus had claimed another victim.