walked into the room to sit down across from us. My mother was already sitting there with her arms folded tightly over her chest, while my father was leaning against the wall smoking a cigarette.

  I tried to take a deep breath before I spoke, but I couldn't help feeling nervous about what might come out of my mouth. After all, this wasn't exactly the kind of thing I had trained for in school.

``Well, we were lucky in that we lived near a small town on the coast, so we didn't have to worry about being bombed or anything like that. But it was still tough. My father worked long hours at the shipyard, and my mother had to take care of me and our sister by herself most of the time. It wasn't easy.'' I said, trying to sound as calm and collected as possible.

``And how did you cope with all that?'' The reporter asked.

``We just tried to keep busy, I guess. My mother would take me to the beach or go for walks on the cliffs. And my father would sometimes bring home some of the food they cooked at work, so we wouldn't have to eat rationed stuff all the time.''

The reporter nodded in understanding. ``And what about your sister? How did she cope?''

``She was pretty young, so I think she just took things as they came. She loved drawing and would often spend hours on end doodling in her sketchbook. It was like her own little escape.''

The reporter leaned back in his chair. "That's interesting. Do you think the war changed your family dynamic?"

My father finally spoke up. "I think it did, to a certain extent. We had to rely on each other more than we ever did before. And I think that made us closer as a family."

The reporter nodded. "That's a good point. It's often said that families are brought even closer together during times of crisis."

My mother sighed. "It's just too bad about all the people who lost their loved ones. My sister-in-law and her two kids were killed in a bombing raid last year, for example. It really makes you appreciate what you have."

The reporter nodded solemnly. "Absolutely. Well, thank you both for sharing your experiences with me. I'm sure it won't be an easy story to write, but I think it will be an important one. Good luck.'' 

I couldn't help feeling a sense of pride as the reporter stood up and shook hands with my parents. It wasn't every day that someone wanted to hear your story, and it was an honor to have been chosen. As he walked out of the room, my father turned to me with a smile. "You did good, kid. Real good."
```