then I have to pick up dry cleaning for my suit for tonight's event*.

The only difference was that she had received a mysterious letter in the mail that morning, as she had opened her mailbox, that said:

```
Dear Sandra,

Your future awaits. 

Sincerely, 

Jane and James
```

She opened it to discover two envelopes one marked "Manuscripts" and the other "Invitation". She smiled at the thought of her old friends Jane and James getting married and putting together such a nice event for her. 

After arriving at the office, she checked her emails on her computer before heading up to the meeting room. She had just started to read through the manuscripts when the door opened and in walked Mike.

"Hey, Sandra, do you have a minute?" he asked as he sat down next to her.

She looked up from her manuscripts and noticed that he was carrying a small box with him. 

"Sure, what's up?" she replied.

"I wanted to talk to you about something," Mike said, "I know how much you care for Jane and James, and I wanted to give you this as a token of my gratitude." He handed her the small box.

Sandra was surprised but touched by the gesture. She opened the box to reveal a beautiful necklace with two hearts intertwined. 

"Thank you so much!" she exclaimed, "I love it!"

Mike grinned at her. "I hope you like it. I wanted you to know that I appreciate everything you've done for me over the years."

Sandra smiled warmly back at him. "And I appreciate everything you've done for me too, Mike," she said. 

The two of them talked for a little while longer before the meeting started, and Sandra couldn't help but feel grateful for such a wonderful friend like Mike in her life. As they walked out of the meeting room, Sandra noticed that there was a letter waiting for her on her desk. She picked it up and saw that it was from Jane and James.

She opened it to discover a lovely invitation to their wedding, as well as a note that read:

```
We hope you'll join us at our special day. We are so grateful for your support and friendship over the years, and we can't wait to celebrate with you!

Sincerely, 
Jane and James
```

As she looked back on her day, Sandra couldn't help but feel grateful for the many blessings in her life. She knew that no matter what the future held, she would always have great friends like Mike and Jane and James to rely on.