````
---
title: "Anecdotes vs. Breakouts: How to Choose Which Way to Go"
slug: anecdotes-vs.-breakouts
author: "Kurt Wiegelmann"
image: "/img/posts/2016/08/17/kurt-wiegelmann-p4l3j.jpg"
lang: "en"
date: "2016-08-17T11:19:53+00:00"
layout: post
template: "stories.html"
url: "/blog/2016/08/17/kurt-wiegelmann-p4l3j/"
---
I recently participated in a workshop on storytelling and game design, which I found very enlightening. One of the key themes that came up was the idea of using anecdotes or breakouts to create interesting narrative arcs within games. While there is no one right way to do this (it depends on the specific game you're working on), I thought it would be worth taking a look at both approaches and deciding which one might work better in certain situations.

---

Anecdotes are essentially short stories that can be woven into larger narratives. They typically take place before or after the main events of the story and provide additional context, character development, or interesting details. A common example of this approach is the "backstory" in video games, which often explains how a character came to be where they are at the beginning of the game. This backstory can also provide clues about what's to come later on.

Breakouts are the opposite of anecdotes: instead of providing additional context or detail, they take players away from the main narrative entirely. This is often done in the form of mini-games or side quests that offer rewards upon completion. Breakouts can be a great way to keep players engaged and interested in the game world, but they can also disrupt the flow of the story if overused or poorly implemented.

---

In terms of choosing between anecdotes and breakouts, it's important to consider what you want to achieve with your storytelling. If you want to provide additional context or character development that will enhance the player's understanding of the main narrative, then anecdotes might be the way to go. On the other hand, if you want to keep players engaged and interested in the game world without disrupting the flow of the story, breakouts may be a better fit.

It's also worth noting that both approaches can be used in combination with one another. For example, you could use anecdotes to provide context for a breakout mini-game or side quest, which would help players better understand what's happening and why it matters.

Ultimately, the best approach will depend on the specific game you're working on and the story you want to tell. By carefully considering your options and choosing the right approach for each situation, you can create a narrative arc that is both engaging and meaningful for players.