By . David Kent . As the 2014 World Cup continues, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture in Brazil from team news and key battles to betting odds and Opta stats... Here is all the information you need for the second game in Group A between Mexico and Cameroon. Click here to follow the Mexico vs Cameroon World Cup action live . Venue: Estadio das Dunas, NatalKick-off: 5pm (1pm, Brazil time)TV coverage: ITV1, from 4pmOdds: Mexico 6/5, Draw 21/10, Cameroon 5/2 Referee: Wilmar Roldan, Colombia . Fancy their chances: Mexico fans dream of their side lifting the World Cup . Managers: . Miguel Herrera (Mexico)Volker Finke (Cameroon)Team news: Mexico coach Miguel Herrera has left Manchester United forward Javier 'Chicharito' Hernandez on the bench for Friday's World Cup opener against Cameroon. Herrera has chosen Villarreal forward Guillermo Dos Santos and Oribe Peralta to start in attack for the Group A encounter in Natal, Brazil. He also ended speculation as to who will start in goal with Ajaccio's Guillermo Ochoa selected ahead of Jesus Corona of Cruz Azul. Cameroon go into the encounter at the Estadio das Dunas finally able to focus on football matters.Volker Finke's squad threatened to refuse to board the plane to Brazil due to a row over bonuses before a deal was finally reached. The African side beat Moldova 1-0 last week in a friendly after previously drawing 2-2 with Germany in Monchengladbach. Key clash: Rafael Marquez v Samuel Eto'o . Former Barcelona centre-back Marquez, who will be captaining Mexico at a record fourth World Cup, will have his hands full against the wily (old) fox-in-the-box that is Eto’o. Cameroon, meanwhile, will look to their striker for inspiration in their opening game as they try and advance from a difficult group. Doing battle: Mexico's Rafael Marquez will be tasked with dealing with Cameroon's Samuel Eto’o . One to watch: Oribe Peralta (Mexico) With eight goals in his last six competitive appearances for el Tricolor, Peralta will spearhead Mexico’s attack in Brazil. Miguel Herrera’s side have Peralta to thank for getting them this far, after he scored five times in the 9-3 aggregate play-off win over New Zealand. Head-to-head record: . Played 1 Mexico Wins 1 . One to watch: Oribe Peralta is one of Mexico's key men . Ready to surprise: Cameroon have a tough task to match their quarter-final in Italia 90 .