Listeners to Radio 4's Today programme . were given an unmistakable but totally bogus message last week: that . catastrophic storms such as Typhoon Haiyan are linked to global warming – . and are set to increase. The . same claim, which has no scientific basis, was echoed by David Cameron, . who said there was 'growing evidence' that warming was responsible for . storms. Interviewing Jim . Yong Kim, president of the World Bank, presenter Evan Davis announced . that climate change has made the Philippine islands 'one of the most . fragile parts of the planet' and asked what would the world do if more . frequent storms forced its population to abandon them. Radio 4 Today programme presenter Evan Davis said announced that climate change has made the Philippine islands 'one of the most fragile parts of the planet' 'That's a great question,' Kim . replied. In his view, rising seas caused by global warming would make . not just islands but the Thai capital Bangkok uninhabitable 'within the . next 20 to 30 years'. 'The . predictions the scientists  are making are that the severity and . frequency of these extreme weather events are going to go  up,' he said. The . response of Davis – with the full weight and authority of the BBC's . morning news flagship behind him – was to muse: 'If we don't invest in . the prevention of climate change, we'd better invest in border control.' In fact, basic facts Davis and the . Today programme's army of researchers failed – or refused – to raise . with Jim Yong Kim include: . Climate change? Countries all over the world have pledged relief aid to help support those affected by the typhoon . Davis was interviewing World Bank President Jim Yong Kim (pictured) Meanwhile, Japan last week joined Australia in renouncing  its target for cutting greenhouse gas emissions. Dr . Benny Peiser, director of  the Global Warming Policy Foundation, said . both Mr Cameron and Today seemed 'totally unaware of both the science . and changing international realities. Every scientist is adamant that . the typhoon has nothing to do with global warming.'