19-year-old son has no choice but to stay in his home country, Somalia, because he has no documents, and there is no way he will get any help from the authorities here or in Europe.

I am not an asylum seeker anymore; I have a permit to live and work here in France, and a job. But my son does not have this privilege. My family and I had no choice but to flee Somalia, because of war. In 2013 we set off from the port of Bosaso, heading for Yemen. We were smuggled on a boat, in the back of a truck or even hidden in a car, trying to avoid checkpoints that could arrest us and send us back.

I didn’t know how I was going to get out of Somalia; I had no money at all, so I decided to travel with my four kids, my nephew and my sister, without knowing whether we were going to make it or not. I had heard that there are many ways to escape from the country but also many dangers and risks.

The first checkpoint was on our way to Bosaso — if they stopped us, the consequences would have been unthinkable: death or jail. My children’s lives were in my hands so we took a chance and escaped. We had to cross deserts, mountains and seas. The smugglers were taking people in groups of 100; on the second day they handed us over to another group and we kept moving until we reached Yemen.

I was pregnant then and I suffered from severe morning sickness for many months. It was not easy to travel while pregnant, but I had no other choice but to keep moving forward.

We were in the desert for four days with only 10 liters of water per person. We could see our children crying; they had nothing to eat or drink. They just had some biscuits and small bottles of juice. The smugglers told us there was no food in the desert and we would find it later, but that didn’t happen.

We reached Djibouti with our kids and my sister. We were very happy because we thought that the worst part was behind us, but then we found out that a new country had to be crossed: Ethiopia. I spent more than three months in Djibouti without knowing what would happen next, not speaking a word of Arabic or French.

We took a small boat across the Red Sea and finally reached Europe in 2015 — by then, my son was born. He has no documents to prove that he is a child of Somalia; instead, he’s just an illegal immigrant. I am so scared for him because there are many people who want to exploit and abuse children like him in the street.

It is not easy for me to see my son in such a situation without help or support from the authorities. There should be a way to reunite families and provide them with documents. But we have been trying for four years to get him some help, to no avail. We need to find a solution; otherwise we will continue living apart. I am alone here; he is alone in Somalia.

It’s been five years since we left Somalia and it feels like we are still stuck there — at least my family and I have an address and I can call a doctor when I need to, but my son has nothing to cling on to, nothing that makes him feel safe. There is no guarantee that he will ever be able to leave Somalia; his future remains in the dark.

This story was shared with CNN as part of an ongoing collaboration with the International Women’s Media Foundation to spotlight the work of female journalists.