le Sellin, 20, had been travelling home with her boyfriend Maximilien Graziani, 24, on Airbus A320 when it slammed into mountains at full speed just short of Dole-Tavaux airport in eastern France. She told how he switched flights ‘at the last moment’ - and said she did not blame co-pilot David Robert for the tragedy because the crew would not have known the aircraft was faulty.

In a statement, she said: 'I know that I will never get over this loss. But I do believe that Maximilien is now in a better place and is no longer suffering.' Paule has described how she kissed him goodbye as he left to catch his flight. She revealed he had changed flights ‘at the last moment’ - but didn't know why.

She said: 'On 15th June Maximilien Graziani, who was a student in Lyon, left our apartment to go to Lyon Saint-Exupéry Airport. I kissed him goodbye and gave him my blessing because we had known each other for so long that it felt like a farewell.'

She told how she did not blame the co-pilot for the tragedy as he would have been unaware of problems with the plane's engine. She said: 'I know that I will never get over this loss. But I do believe that Maximilien is now in a better place and is no longer suffering.'

The 149 victims on board, which included seven Britons, were travelling back to Toulouse from Barcelona at the end of their holidays when the plane crashed into the mountains just short of Dole-Tavaux airport.

Paule Sellin, who lives with Maximilien in Lyon, said: 'On the evening of June 15th my partner left our home to return to Lyon from Barcelona where he had been on holiday for a few days.' I kissed him goodbye and gave him my blessing because we have known each other for so long that it felt like a farewell.

'I thought about him the next morning but I was not really worried because he would have called me if something serious happened.

'As soon as I found out, I knew instantly that something terrible had happened.'

'I cannot bring myself to talk about Maximilien in the past tense, because for me, he is still here and will always be by my side. I know that I will never get over this loss. But I do believe that Maximilien is now in a better place and is no longer suffering.'

Ms Sellin said she did not blame co-pilot David Robert, 32, for the tragedy because he would not have been aware of problems with the aircraft's engine. She added: 'I don't know why Maximilien had to leave at that time and not at another time. I don't blame the crew or the co-pilot in any way.'

Meanwhile, the French airline which owned the doomed plane has come under renewed pressure after it emerged it had previously grounded it for three months because of serious problems with its engine.

French investigators are probing whether a mechanical problem - or pilot error - led to the crash at full speed, in good weather conditions and without any distress call.

Officials believe the Airbus A320 hit the ground with 'high energy', meaning it may have been travelling faster than its 549mph maximum speed when it crashed just before 7pm local time on Tuesday, killing all 149 people on board.

As a result of the probe, the European Aviation Safety Agency has grounded the same model of plane as well as those made by Airbus's rival Boeing in Europe.

Yesterday, it emerged that an Iberia airline flight was forced to divert after its engine caught fire shortly before take-off from Toulouse on Wednesday morning - just hours after the fatal crash.