obeying orders, failure to obey, and obstructing pedestrian or vehicular traffic.

Denver Mayor Michael Hancock has condemned the actions of people who threw rocks at police during demonstrations Wednesday night over the fatal shooting of an unarmed black man by police.

"We will not allow anyone to destroy our city," he said. "Last night was a travesty."

In addition, nine people were arrested on charges of assault and robbery of a police officer, disobeying orders, failure to obey, resisting arrest or obstructing pedestrian or vehicular traffic, Denver police reported.

[Previous story, posted at 7:56 p.m. ET] . Hundreds of people took to the streets in Denver Wednesday night following an announcement that a grand jury had declined to indict two white police officers who fatally shot an unarmed black man.

The protests began peacefully but turned ugly when a group of demonstrators started throwing rocks at police, according to CNN affiliate KUSA. One officer was hit in the leg with a rock, Denver Police spokesman Sonny Jackson told the station.

Two officers fired pepper spray, and protesters threw it back at them, Jackson said. He added that he's heard some reports of vandalism, but no arrests had been made as of 7:30 p.m. ET.

Wednesday's protests began about 5 p.m., and the first police officers arrived within about an hour. The number of protesters reached its peak at about 6:40 p.m. By 8:20 p.m., there were still some demonstrators remaining, Jackson told CNN.

Denver police are asking residents to stay out of the area and not to interfere with traffic as officers clear the streets, KUSA reported.

The protests followed a grand jury's decision in Ohio not to indict two white police officers who fatally shot John Crawford III on August 5 at Wal-Mart in Beavercreek. The incident was captured on surveillance video.

Crawford, 22, had been holding an air rifle he picked up from a shelf when officers were called about a man with a gun. Officers arrived and shot the unarmed Crawford within seconds, police said.