 images emerged from India showing a gigantic red cloud engulfing the northern state of Rajasthan, as well as a similar event in China. And now the dust is covering Australia's skies, with pictures showing it enveloping parts of Adelaide. It comes just weeks after London was covered in orange dust from the Saharan Desert. The clouds form when huge amounts of dust are picked up by strong winds and lifted into the air. Although they are usually harmless, these 'haboobs' have caused chaos around the world this year. In April, a massive dust cloud in India forced flights to be cancelled and caused 21-hours of power outages. And just last month, residents in China were left blinded by a wall of red dust that swept across several cities. Now an Australian weather bureau has said it is investigating the reason for the dusty skies above Adelaide.

Pictures show the orange tinge hanging over the city with one social media user commenting: "It's like living on Mars." In a statement to Yahoo Australia, the Bureau of Meteorology (BoM) said that it was "not uncommon for dust from the Simpson Desert region in Central Australia to affect Adelaide". The BoM said: "It's not unusual for dust storms from the Simpson Desert and elsewhere to affect South Australia. But this year we have seen quite a few of them. We are investigating why there have been so many more dust events this year, but it's too early to be able to say." The BoM said that Adelaide had already experienced three major dust storms in 2019 and has also seen a dust haze for most of January. The bureau added: "A dust event usually occurs when wind speed is about 35 knots (65km/h) or stronger."

Dust clouds have been sweeping across the globe this year (Image: Getty)

Incredible images show a giant red cloud engulfing the northern state of Rajasthan in India (Image: Getty)

The BoM said that these events can also cause visibility to be reduced. This is because the dust particles, which are picked up by strong winds, block out sunlight and prevent people from seeing clearly. The bureau said that when dust clouds reach cities they can cause "an orange haze in the sky and reduce air quality".

The BoM added: "This is due to increased levels of fine particulates (PM2.5), which are harmful to human health." These particulate matter can lead to serious conditions such as lung cancer, heart disease and asthma. The BoM said that dust storms will often occur when winds blow across exposed ground in rural areas where there is little vegetation to hold the soil together.

Dust clouds have been sweeping across the globe this year (Image: Getty)

In a separate statement, it said: "Strong winds over bare ground such as in deserts or outback Australia cause sand and dust to become airborne." The BoM also said that dust events are likely to continue to be more commonplace due to climate change. The bureau added that while there have been three dust storms this year, last year saw only one major event.

It comes just weeks after London was covered in orange dust from the Saharan Desert (Image: Getty)

The BoM said: "Dust events are likely to become more common over Australia as temperatures increase and there is less vegetation to hold soil in place." It added that it is currently working to understand how climate change will affect dust storms. The BoM also said that while these events can be dangerous, they can be prevented by planting trees which help to break the wind. It said: "We encourage people to consider planting vegetation like trees around their homes.

Incredible pictures show a giant red cloud engulfing the northern state of Rajasthan in India (Image: Getty)

"Trees can reduce dust levels and also provide shade during hot weather."