earing up the 'infamous' Treasury document, which detailed how Gordon Brown's policies had created an £80 billion hole in public spending, was a 'dodgy stunt'.

Ed Balls has been accused of treating the public with ‘contempt’ after dismissing as a ‘joke’ the infamous Labour note admitting the party had blown the nation’s finances.

The shadow chancellor said tearing up the ‘infamous’ Treasury document, which detailed how Gordon Brown’s policies had created an £80 billion hole in public spending, was a ‘dodgy stunt’.

He told the Commons that his party were “not going to be lectured by anyone on fiscal responsibility” and dismissed a suggestion that he rip up the note as ‘a joke’, leading MPs to accuse him of treating the public with contempt.

During a question and answer session at Prime Minister’s Questions, Mr Balls was challenged over the note by Labour backbencher Gisela Stuart. She said: “Does my right honourable friend accept that as we have heard from the chief secretary to the treasury, and other colleagues, that £80 billion hole in public finances which his party created had to be dealt with, and can he confirm that the shadow chancellor does not think it is appropriate to rip up notes of fiscal responsibility?”

Mr Balls responded by saying: “My honourable friend might want to talk about some dodgy stunts with this Tory-led government but I am going to talk about economic policy.

“We are not going to be lectured by anyone on fiscal responsibility. It is the Conservatives who have increased borrowing faster than any chancellor in peacetime history and they need to get their act together.”

His response prompted a wave of criticism from MPs across the House. David Ruffley (Bury St Edmunds, Conservative) said: “I thought that was a joke, I didn’t expect an answer like that.”

Jane Ellison (Battersea, Conservative) added: “It is an extraordinary thing for him to say to the House of Commons. The British people do not want contempt from Labour and they certainly don’t want it from the shadow chancellor. This note was a key document that revealed the fiscal incompetence of the last government.”

Britain's financial woes were first highlighted by Treasury officials on a memo, which was leaked to The Daily Telegraph last November. It said Gordon Brown's "big government" agenda had led to an unprecedented spike in public spending, pushing Britain towards bankruptcy.

The memo read: "It is now clear that the fiscal situation facing us is much worse than we envisaged and that the risks to the economy and financial markets of not taking action are greater."

Today's row comes as new analysis shows that borrowing for this year could soar by more than £100 billion if Government spending cuts are reversed.

The figures show that the Government has slashed its borrowing forecast for this year, from a predicted £171bn to £98bn, but would need to borrow £203bn if it reinstated spending on schools, hospitals and police forces.

The analysis by the Centre for Policy Studies think tank shows that the Government would also have to raise taxes or cut welfare by more than a third.