 couple of weeks ago, but is now back in training.

"He trained on Monday and the doctors said he was fine," Barça coach Pep Guardiola told a news conference. "We will see what we decide to do."

It is believed that Messi will take the field after the international break, with Celta Vigo providing a good chance for him to rediscover his sharpness. The Catalan side has won its last eight matches at home in La Liga and should be too strong for the visitors who are struggling badly. Celta have lost 5 of their last six league matches on the road and have drawn another.

Celta Vigo is currently second from bottom and has already sacked coach Carlos Marchena, as well as its general director Miguel Mínguez. They are in desperate need of a win to help them escape the drop. They have only 10 points after 10 matches.

The club was dealt a serious blow in its last match when it lost 2-1 at home to Getafe, conceding late in the game. The Galician side is currently seven points from safety and has had problems scoring goals. Its forwards have notched only five times this season.

Celta Vigo will be without defender Alex Bergantinos who is serving a one-match suspension after he was sent off in his side's 1-0 loss to Mallorca last week, while forward Kalu Uche and midfielder Fran Rico are still out injured.

Barcelona, on the other hand, has won its last six league matches and is looking for a seventh straight win over Celta Vigo at the Camp Nou. Lionel Messi's side is currently in fifth place with 17 points after winning 4 of its opening 6 games. It is only 1 point behind leaders Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid, who both have played two more matches than Barca.

Barcelona has scored 20 goals this season and conceded just six times. Its midfield duo of Xavi Hernandez and Andres Iniesta are in red-hot form and will be looking to continue their good form against Celta Vigo.

The Catalan giants have plenty of options up front, with Lionel Messi, David Villa and Pedro Rodriguez all eager for a place in the starting lineup.

"We have a lot of competition for places," Guardiola said. "There are so many good players who want to be on the pitch."

Midfielder Sergio Busquets is still out injured, while defender Adriano has returned to training and will be available if needed.