16-team pre-season tournament, which runs from July 27 until August 9, and features some of the biggest clubs in European football.

Both teams will play at least one match in the US, with United’s schedule yet to be confirmed. Jose Mourinho has already confirmed that his squad will take on Real Madrid at the Hard Rock Stadium in Miami on July 26 ahead of their involvement in the tournament.

The tournament will see Chelsea kick off against Bayern Munich at the FedEx Field, the home of the Washington Redskins, on July 28 while United are set to face Club America in Phoenix. The tournament has also confirmed that Manchester City will be taking part with two matches announced: August 2 against Real Madrid in Las Vegas and against Bayern Munich in Houston on August 5.

The pre-season tournament features European giants such as Barcelona, Paris Saint-Germain and AC Milan and runs for two weeks with the final to be played at Metlife Stadium, New Jersey.

“We are thrilled that Manchester United will compete once again in this summer’s International Champions Cup,” said Richard Arnold, Man Utd group managing director. “This event is a tremendous way to introduce our club to new markets and fans all over the globe as well as provide our loyal supporters with an opportunity to see us play in the US.”

The tournament will also include the first competitive game between Liverpool and Napoli since the 2008 Champions League semi-final. The clubs will meet on July 31 at Yankee Stadium, the home of Major League Baseball team New York Yankees.

“Our fans in the UK and abroad are always keen to know our pre-season schedule and this summer we can announce a number of exciting fixtures against top European opposition,” said Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp. “It is particularly pleasing to have secured our first game with Napoli since the Champions League semi-final five years ago.”

Full list of teams and fixtures
Barcelona: July 25 vs Juventus, July 30 vs Real Madrid
Bayern Munich: July 28 vs Chelsea, August 5 vs Manchester City
Chelsea: July 28 vs Bayern Munich, August 1 vs Milan
Inter Milan: July 26 vs AC Milan, July 29 vs Paris Saint-Germain
Juventus: July 25 vs Barcelona, July 30 vs Atletico Madrid
LA Galaxy: July 27 vs PSG, Aug 5 vs AC Milan
Liverpool: July 31 vs Napoli, August 4 vs Atletico Madrid
Manchester City: July 28 vs Real Madrid, Aug 5 vs Bayern Munich
Manchester United: July 26 vs Real Madrid, to be announced
Milan: July 27 vs Inter Milan, August 3 vs Liverpool
Napoli: July 31 vs Liverpool, August 4 vs PSG
Paris Saint-Germain: July 29 vs Inter Milan, August 4 vs Napoli
Real Madrid: July 26 vs Manchester City, July 30 vs Juventus
Roma: July 26 vs Tottenham Hotspur, Aug 4 vs Los Angeles Galaxy
Tottenham Hotspur: July 26 vs Roma, August 1 vs AC Milan