mic system warns that food is going to start to get very expensive and we are going to need to find new ways to feed ourselves.

One report which has been making its way through the web suggests that we could see insects being sold at high street retailers such as Sainsbury’s by 2030 as part of a ‘protein revolution’. Another article, on the Food and Agriculture Organisation website (FAO) reveals that in many parts of Africa and Asia edible insects are already widely consumed and could be an important source of food for a growing world population.

This is all very well, but most westerners would balk at the idea of chowing down on a plateful of fried crickets or locusts. For many years I have been a member of the Vegetarian Society and I am not about to become a convert to the consumption of insects in my diet. But as a clairvoyant reader, who is sensitive to the cosmic energies which are shaping our future, I am able to predict that we will be eating more insects in the years ahead.

This may sound like a strange prediction and one which might make you want to take cover under your duvet for a few weeks. But as the old saying goes, ‘the proof of the pudding is in the eating’. And I think that westerners will come round to eating insects because of the economic crisis which is likely to hit us within the next few years. The recent spate of bank closures and the collapse of high street stores suggests that a recession could be looming, with some commentators even suggesting that the worst is yet to come.

There is no doubt that we are living in uncertain times economically, but what I am suggesting is that this uncertainty will only continue for a few more years before things take an interesting turn. My prediction is that there will be a dramatic increase in food prices and people will find it hard to put enough food on the table for their families.

The cosmic system has warned that we could see mass demonstrations in many parts of the world over food shortages and the price of bread and other basic foods, which could lead to civil unrest in some countries. This is a worrying scenario for us all and it will only become more widespread if the global economy collapses further or we experience a major natural disaster such as a volcanic eruption or earthquake.

In this case the cosmic system warns that people will turn to insects to feed themselves because of the sheer lack of food available to them. And in many parts of Africa and Asia this is already happening. So if we are serious about reducing our impact on the planet, then the consumption of insects should be encouraged. This could prove to be an important development in the years ahead as our climate changes, bringing with it more extreme weather patterns and food shortages which could become a major problem for us all.

Of course this doesn’t mean that we should start eating locusts and crickets today or even next year, but if you are thinking about changing your diet to reduce your impact on the environment, then you may want to consider eating more insects in future. But for now I would say enjoy your dinner!