 her for not putting her prosthetic foot down when she parks, she refuses to budge, even if it means she receives more messages from an angry neighbor.

Jennifer Richardson of Fall River, Nova Scotia has been the recipient of several angry handwritten notes left on her windshield, complaining about her habit of parking with her prosthetic foot still in place. Despite this, she refuses to bend to her neighbor’s wishes.

The woman from Fall River lost her leg six years ago after a car accident, and has been driving ever since. Her prosthetic leg is attached to her leg with velcro straps. However, despite her neighbor’s complaints about her parking in this way, Jennifer refuses to give in, claiming that she does not have a choice if she wants to get out of the car safely and quickly.

> “I don’t feel like I can sit there and argue with them because it is a matter of safety for me,” Jennifer Richardson told CBC News. “If I have my leg down and I need to leave in a hurry, that extra second that it would take for me to get up to go over the side to open the door could make all the difference in getting to safety.”

However, despite this, Jennifer has been on the receiving end of several handwritten notes from someone she believes is her neighbor. The messages tell Jennifer that her habit of parking with a foot still attached to her prosthetic leg makes it look like she has a disability sticker when she doesn’t, and accuse her of taking up more spaces than she should.

> “This is for your information, we are in a business parking lot here,” one note reads. “We all have our own problems but yours is no concern to us. We don’t want to know about it. We don’t want to see it. So keep the foot in the car when you park.”
>
> Another message reads: “You are taking up two parking spaces when there are only a couple available at any given time and we have people who are disabled that need those spots. You’re not handicapped.”
>
> A third note, dated Dec. 28, says: “You park like an a—–. Keep your foot in the car. We don’t want to see it.”

Richardson has not only been on the receiving end of angry notes from her neighbors, but also has received abuse and had her life threatened when people have noticed her prosthetic leg in the vehicle. Despite this, she says that she refuses to change her parking habits so long as it is safe for her to do so.

> “I know people have a hard time accepting things they don’t understand or don’t know about, and I completely respect that,” said Richardson. “But if you can’t be empathetic, then just keep your opinion to yourself.”