inger glow may have come at a price, as it is reported that fake tan is causing cancer in some people.

Celebrity make-up artist and founder of TanTowel Tara O’Farrell spoke with the Daily Star about her fears over the product’s dangers. She said: ‘I’ve seen a lot of changes since I first started working in the industry, but one thing that hasn’t changed is the number of people who are trying to achieve the perfect fake tan.

‘It has been proven that the main ingredient in self-tan products can cause skin cancer and it also doesn’t help your immune system.’

A study conducted by Cancer Research UK found that one in three cases of melanoma skin cancer is caused by sunbed use or tanning with sunlamps. However, self-tan products can also be dangerous because they contain a substance called dihydroxyacetone (DHA). The chemical interacts with dead skin cells and turns them brown which is why the product does not damage live cells.

Despite this, when DHA comes into contact with oxygen, it forms toxic chemicals that have been linked to an increased risk of cancer. As well as being potentially harmful, fake tan can also cause problems for women trying to get pregnant because it can reduce fertility.

According to the Daily Star: ‘Scientists believe that this is due to a hormone disrupter in fake tan called parabens which can affect sperm production and motility.’

The research has led Tara to warn women off the product, but many people have taken to social media to express their confusion over why they should stop using it. One person wrote: ‘What about the sun? That’s real cancer, not fake tan.’ While another added: ‘If you are going to worry about self-tan then don’t eat anything at all.’

A third added that it was a shame to hear that women were being discouraged from wearing a product they enjoyed, especially if they didn’t know the risks. But others pointed out that this type of product has been used for decades without any problems, so the risk seems low.

It is true that fake tan is not necessarily dangerous or harmful in itself as it doesn’t penetrate deep enough into the skin to cause damage. However, if you are worried about the risks associated with self-tan products then there are alternatives such as tinted moisturisers and mineral powders which can be applied directly onto the face without penetrating any deeper than your skin’s top layer.

So what do you think? Should women stop using fake tan or should they continue enjoying it regardless of its dangers? Let us know your thoughts in the comments below!