encestaff.com/en-ca reports.

“Young people may experiment with e-cigarettes because they see them as less harmful than conventional cigarettes, or because of the wide availability and large number of flavors,” said study author Sara Kalkhoran from Oregon Health & Science University in Portland.

But a new study found that many teenagers who try e-cigs only do so once or twice, and few go on to use them regularly.

“These findings are reassuring in the sense that teens may be more experimenting with these products than using them frequently,” Kalkhoran said by email.

Researchers analyzed data from a national survey of students in grades eight through 12 who answered questions about e-cigarette use in 2014. More than half the high school seniors and roughly one in three middle school students reported trying an electronic cigarette or other vaping device at least once during their lifetime, the study found.

For most of these teens, however, smoking e-cigs was a one-time experience. The majority of survey respondents who had ever used e-cigarettes were what the researchers called “infrequent users” and did so only a few times in 2014 or just once.

Even among students who had used an e-cig within the previous month, the vast majority were classified as infrequent users.

For teens who were experimenting with smoking tobacco or marijuana cigarettes at the time of the survey, however, more often than not they also smoked e-cigs. Among current cigarette smokers, 95 percent had used an electronic device and among youths using marijuana, 83 percent reported trying electronic vaping products.

One limitation of the study is that it only assessed past use rather than regular or current use of e-cigarettes.

Even so, “these data support previous findings that the vast majority of adolescents who try e-cigarettes do not go on to become regular users,” said Dr. Nora Volkow, director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse, which helped fund the study.

“The fact that only 4 percent of students surveyed reported using these products daily highlights the need to further characterize e-cigarette use among youth who report infrequent or regular use,” Volkow, who wasn’t involved in the study, said by email.

Another limitation is that researchers didn’t account for whether teens were still enrolled in school when they were surveyed and might have experimented with e-cigs outside of class.