th century Britain where the miners stood up against the government and fought Thatcher.

What we don’t get to see is what happens to those same communities nowadays – especially as Pride only takes us until after the strike of 1984, when the battle for the soul of Labour and the NHS was just beginning. As a party that prides itself on being the party of the working class, you would think Ed Miliband would be proud to see how he can make a difference – if only he had taken up Jeremy Corbyn’s offer.

It is 2015 and our communities are suffering. The NHS has been torn apart by successive governments, from Thatcher onwards. We have lost over 70% of our beds in the past ten years; we have lost staff and patients suffer. The junior doctors are currently on strike – something unheard of in this country until now. They will be joined by other groups like nurses as they try to defend the NHS.

It is 2015, and while austerity is being preached as some sort of virtue, communities in the north east have been left in ruins. The cuts to our local council have seen vital services such as libraries, swimming pools and parks closed. Now people are fighting for them and we’ve seen campaigns spring up across Newcastle to save them.

It is 2015 – we need to see a Labour party that stands up for the working class communities in this country. We need to be able to show that it has changed from what Thatcher would have wanted, so why are we getting more of the same? Why do we still have an NHS that is being torn apart, privatised and left on the brink of collapse?

The only way this can happen is if we elect a Labour leader that actually cares about the working class communities in this country. Someone who understands what it means to be working class and will fight for their rights. The Tories have been trying to tear down communities like ours for years, but the miners stood up against them and fought back. Now, Jeremy Corbyn is standing up and fighting for his constituents – the working class people of Islington North.

The battle has begun – will you stand with Jeremy?