

o get the best possible shot. But in truth it was almost impossible to remain still. It’s a wonder that her eyes didn’t bulge out of their sockets!

It is only with hindsight and after viewing hundreds of images from my recent photographic safari to Africa, that I realised I had been given the opportunity to capture one of the best shots ever taken of a rhino. The image became even more special when it won the ‘Best in Show’ award at The Photography Show 2016 held at Birmingham NEC.

For me this was the pinnacle of my career as a professional photographer and it reaffirmed my belief that if you truly want something then there is no point sitting back and waiting for it to happen – it’s your responsibility to go out there and make it happen!

The photo opportunity was totally unplanned but I had been waiting years for it to arrive. It came about because the Land Rover safari vehicle broke down in the middle of an area where rhinos are known to graze. We sat on the side of the road for an hour or so while our driver and guide tried in vain to fix the fault.

The opportunity came when I spotted a rhino grazing just 10 yards away from us. I immediately switched my camera to video mode and shot the whole scene, taking as many images as possible without disturbing the animal. After the vehicle was fixed, we were able to get closer for a more intimate shot.

The original video of me getting up close and personal with the rhino received nearly one million views online, making it one of the most popular ever seen. Since then I’ve been lucky enough to return to Africa a further three times and have captured some of my best shots yet.

My advice is not to wait for these once in a lifetime moments; be ready and prepared at all times – that way you will be more likely to capture them as they happen, as well as being able to react quickly when the opportunity arises. I also find it helps to have a clear idea of what it is you want to achieve before setting out on your adventure.

I always aim to get up close and personal with my subject matter, but this can be risky if there are no guides present or if you don’t know exactly where the animal is going to move next. For me personally I find that by spending time studying the animals through binoculars and then watching them in their natural habitat helps to build trust between us which leads to better images being captured.

When it comes to actually shooting my photos, I prefer using a telephoto lens because of its ability to compress distance while still maintaining sharp focus across the frame. It also gives me more time to compose my shot as opposed to having only a split second to capture something before it moves out of reach or disappears completely from view.

Finally, I try never to use flash in case it scares the animals away but instead rely on natural light when taking photos. This way I am able to keep my subject calm while at the same time creating beautiful portraits that look like they were shot under perfect lighting conditions.

Hopefully this blog will give you some useful tips for capturing great wildlife photography in Africa, no matter what your level of experience may be!