 described the harrowing experience as "like riding a roller coaster" while flight attendants administered oxygen masks to passengers.

The Delta-operated SkyWest Airlines CRJ900 aircraft had departed from Rochester, Minnesota at about 6:45 p.m. en route to Atlanta when the pilots reported that there was an issue with cabin pressure after they reached about 38,000 feet over northern Iowa, according to KCCI.

"The flight attendants were all of a sudden running around saying 'cover your mouths,' 'get masks on' and then we started dropping," passenger Tia Miller told WQAD-TV. "It was pretty scary."

Passenger Tiffany Bettencourt, who had just flown from Los Angeles to Minnesota for work, said she noticed the plane beginning a quick descent shortly after takeoff.

"I thought maybe the pilot was doing some stunts or something," said Bettencourt. "We were going down really fast and I just knew something wasn't right."

SkyWest Flight 4719, which was operated by SkyWest Airlines under contract to Delta Air Lines, eventually made an emergency landing at the Sioux Gateway Airport in Sioux City, Iowa about 20 miles northeast of where it first reported issues.

"I started saying my last prayers," said passenger Shannon Phelps to KCCI. "You kind of just know this is not going to be a good situation."

When the plane landed, emergency crews were waiting at the airport with ambulances and oxygen tanks ready in case any passengers needed medical attention. Fortunately, no one was seriously injured during the flight.

Passenger Brian DeLange said that after landing, he walked off the plane and saw a bloodied flight attendant.

"She had a big gash on her arm from falling," DeLange told The Des Moines Register. "That's when I knew it was serious."

Delta Air Lines issued a statement about the emergency landing via Twitter Wednesday evening:

> Delta flight 4719 from Rochester, MN to Atlanta diverted to Sioux City due to cabin pressure issue. All customers deplaned safely & are being bused to Delta CRJ-700 at nearby Sioux Gateway Airport. Customers will be transported to ATL via the aircraft after it arrives in the afternoon.
>
> — Delta (@Delta) July 18, 2019

Both the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) and Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) are investigating what caused the sudden loss of cabin pressure on Wednesday's flight from Rochester to Atlanta.