z Show, on BBC Radio Five Live on Monday night, when she described how her friend, a relative of her partner, took the cash and did not even bother to apologise afterwards.

The 30-year-old woman said: "I had seven miscarriages in three years." She added that it was a big deal for her to have money set aside for a gravestone as she is disabled and cannot work.

"It was actually really hard to come out and say what happened because I don't know why the person took the money. They never said anything.

"There was no apology afterwards." Dawn, from Wales, spoke about her devastation after her partner gave their family friend £600 (€724, $859) to put towards a gravestone for her children.

The mother, who was seven weeks pregnant with her eighth child when she discovered she had another miscarriage, said that the person stole the money and then later used some of it for their own personal gain. She told listeners: "He [the relative] took the money and spent it on himself – not for my children's gravestone.

"They did spend a little bit on something for my children, but most of it was spent on themselves." She added: "I don't know why they didn't tell me. They kept saying we are going to put money towards the gravestone and never said anything about taking it. I was just left wondering where it went."

The mother also revealed that her partner found out what had happened but did not say anything either because he felt too guilty. She said: "He told them, 'I'm really upset – you have stolen my money'. They still didn't apologise."

However, the father and friend have since made up as the family member now visits their children every week. The mother added: "They did apologise to him [the father]."

Jez was clearly shocked by what Dawn had told him and he said he hoped that there would be some kind of resolution in the future for her. He said: "It's heartbreaking, isn't it? It's a tragic situation – not knowing why they did that or who knows what else."

Jez also called the behaviour completely unacceptable and added that it was not right that people could take advantage of others in such situations.