...

# Saints boss calls for calm over Wanyama situation

Ronald Koeman called for Southampton’s players to show maturity, nous and respect after Victor Wanyama’s future came under question.

This weekend brings with it arguably Saints’ biggest match of the season in their clash with Manchester United at St Mary’s on Sunday (1.30pm).

It has been a tough few days for Southampton though following last week’s defeat to Manchester City and Wanyama, 24, being named in Kenya’s squad for this month’s Africa Cup of Nations finals.

The midfielder is due to arrive back at St Mary’s today having been granted a delay to his departure, with the tournament starting on Saturday January 17.

It means Wanyama will be absent from Southampton’s squad for the United and Arsenal matches on January 10 and 24 respectively.

Koeman was asked about the situation following Friday’s press conference to preview Saints’ clash with Louis van Gaal’s side on Sunday.

“This is a question for Victor,” he said. “He is away and not in the squad for these two games because we want him to be fresh.”

Saints have an interest in retaining the services of Wanyama, who has been linked with several clubs including United over the course of this season.

The Holland boss added: “I think this question is a little bit disrespectful to Victor and his situation because he’s still under contract.

“He’s on holiday now, away from us and we will talk in the summer about his future. We will speak with Victor and that is the most important thing.”

Koeman called for calm and understanding in relation to Wanyama’s situation, stating: “We have to look at our players, not just the ones who are out on loan or under contract.

“I think it’s important to show some respect to Victor because he’s an important player for Southampton and I hope this story will not make any problem between us.”

The Saints boss also touched upon the situation regarding Jordy Clasie, who is in Holland’s squad for their European Championship qualifiers against the Czech Republic on Saturday and Bulgaria next Tuesday.

He added: “I spoke with him this week and he told me he was going to play some games for his national team because he needs minutes on the pitch.”

Saints have a long history of playing young players, but Koeman believes it is important to show maturity when discussing their situations.

“This is part of our philosophy,” he said. “We are not scared about young players. They need the experience and we need to give them time to develop.

“It’s not a problem that some players are away with national teams because it’s good for them to get minutes on the pitch.”

Meanwhile, Saints confirmed that Florin Gardos is closing in on a return from injury after undergoing surgery last month.

The Romanian centre-back has been out of action since picking up a foot injury against Arsenal before Christmas and the club released an update on his condition today.

“Gardos, who had been suffering with persistent discomfort following his successful return to training following an early season foot operation, underwent a further procedure in London,” read a statement. “He is expected to be back playing after three weeks.”

Source: Daily Echo