

Lucia Gai, 21, from Argentina, who appeared alongside Ricky in the raunchy video, took to Instagram over the weekend to clarify reports of her death.

The model revealed that she had been admitted to a local hospital when she lost consciousness at home on Sunday night after her blood pressure dropped and she suffered convulsions.

She told followers: 'I am alive. I'm still with us,' according to Mail Online.

The 21-year-old was said to have collapsed at her family home in Buenos Aires, Argentina where she lives with her mother. She was then taken to a local hospital, where her condition improved on Tuesday and she has since been discharged.

Ricky Martin's video for his hit song La Vida Loca included Lucia Gai (left)

The model, who appeared alongside Ricky in the raunchy video, took to Instagram over the weekend to clarify reports of her death

Lucia told Argentinian newspaper Clarin that she had been treated for low blood pressure after collapsing at home.

'I am alive,' she said. 'They tried to make a sensationalism of it all.'

Her mother, Micaela Gai, told the publication: 'She suffers from hypotension and has had this problem since childhood. But it was not as serious as they have made out.

'When Lucia was rushed in she lost consciousness but she recovered quickly.'

The model appeared on stage with Ricky Martin, 46, during his Livin' la Vida Loca tour in the Nineties

Lucia was first admitted to the hospital at 9pm on Sunday night when her mother found her unconscious in their apartment.

Micaela took Lucia to a nearby clinic where she was diagnosed with a low blood pressure and treated by medics before being discharged late Monday evening after doctors ruled she was in a stable condition.

'I am alive,' the model said. 'They tried to make a sensationalism of it all'

Lucia, who is currently studying at university, began her career as a child actress, starring in the film El Matador with her mother in 2013.

She later appeared on stage with Ricky Martin during his Livin' la Vida Loca tour in the Nineties and became a model before landing the role of a nude extra in La Vida Loca, which was released in 1999.

The video for La Vida Loco was banned by MTV, due to its explicit content but was a huge success with fans and is now one of the bestselling singles in Latin music history.