100 per cent of those energy sources combined — algae.

A recent study published by the University of Illinois (UI) suggests that algae farming, when done on a large scale, could provide a renewable source of fuel as well as electricity. The study is based off an idea first presented in the 1970s and has now been validated with mathematical models that demonstrate how viable this energy resource can be for the future.

“Algae-derived energy production is one of the most efficient ways to produce renewable liquid fuels and electricity,” said Jared M. Brinkman, lead author on the study and a graduate student in UI’s Department of Agricultural and Biological Engineering. “With this technology, we can make algae grow faster and more efficiently, making it a very promising biofuel source.”

Algae are basically tiny plants that thrive on sunlight, carbon dioxide, water, nitrogen, phosphorus and other nutrients. It is also known to grow rapidly in wastewater — sometimes three times as fast as they would normally grow. These unique properties make algae farming very sustainable since it can be used for multiple purposes at a time.

For example, the University of Illinois study found that 420 acres (170 hectares) of algae farms could produce 18 million liters (4.75 million gallons) of biofuel annually while also providing enough biomass to supply up to 50 per cent of a plant’s energy requirements.

“The real beauty of this is that it works in concert with other existing technologies,” Brinkman said. “It can be used to address wastewater treatment needs and provide carbon offsets for industries, as well as generate biofuel or electricity.”

Algae farming is still not widely practised in the United States due to the fact that it has yet to be commercially viable. However, there are several companies currently investing in this technology and some are even making their own algae-based products for sale.

The potential of algae farming is huge if it can be scaled up successfully, but so far not much progress has been made on the commercial front. However, if scientists can find a way to make algal farms profitable then it could really change things in terms of how we produce renewable energy and other valuable resources such as food or animal feedstock.