aked its place in pop culture history.

The couple hired Shane Connolly to design and coordinate the flowers for their Westminster Abbey nuptials, as well as for the Buckingham Palace reception. He tells MyWedding that he took inspiration from Kate's dress (by Sarah Burton at Alexander McQueen) and the royal family crests for his designs.

"We chose flowers because it was a spring wedding," Shane says. "We used peonies, which were in season for England in April; also lily of the valley, and hyacinths."

The bouquet consisted of myrtle, lily-of-the-valley, sweet William and hyacinth, according to the Telegraph, while her bridesmaids carried similar designs that included anemones and astilbes. The flowers were arranged in gold vessels for the ceremony and then transported over to the reception where they were rearranged in silver pails.

As for the floral arrangements at Buckingham Palace's Marble Hall, Shane says he wanted to "keep it simple and understated." He chose white roses because "they're classic and beautiful."

Shane tells MyWedding that the flowers for both ceremonies were grown in England, Holland, Denmark, Belgium and France. In addition, 25 percent of them were sourced from organic farmers. The result was a mix of English scented sweet peas, lily of the valley, hyacinths, ranunculus and anemones.

"We didn't want the flowers to be too showy because it would take away from the beauty of Kate's dress," Shane says. "It was just a matter of adding a little bit of color with the flowers and then just letting the architecture of the buildings speak for themselves."

Shane, who has been an expert florist in London since 1985, said he was honored to be asked to work on such a special occasion. "It was amazing," he says. "It's always very exciting when you get that call!"

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will marry May 19 at Windsor Castle, where Shane will once again be the lead florist. He tells MyWedding that he expects the couple to choose a more "modern look."

"I've been doing this a long time so I'm kind of used to it!" he says of the pressure.