 ng difficulties into buying explosive chemicals from China so he could become a terrorist, a court heard.

Kazi Islam was said to have sent dozens of texts to Harry Thomas, 19, who had learning difficulties, persuading him to buy parts for a bomb. The teenager’s plan came unstuck when his victim went to the police and was later found hanging from a tree in Hertfordshire after being tormented by Islam.

Islam, 18, from Enfield, north London, denies three counts of encouraging terrorism between September last year and January this year. He also denies harassing Mr Thomas by bombarding him with texts after he had stopped responding to them. At the Old Bailey today prosecutor Duncan Penny QC told jurors that Islam became ‘obsessed’ with Islamic State.

Mr Penny said that Islam was a fan of jihadi Twitter accounts and would post messages on his account ‘in support of terrorism’. He added: ‘He sent Harry Thomas a number of texts, many of which were about the desire to travel to Syria in order to fight for the so-called Islamic State.’

Mr Penny said that the defendant became angry when he was told by Mr Thomas that his plan would never work. The prosecutor said that Islam tried to get him to buy chemicals for a bomb after telling him about Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi ‘using explosives’.

The court heard that on one occasion, Islam sent his victim 97 texts in an hour. Mr Penny said: ‘These texts included threats and promises of violence, including that Harry would be killed by bombs.’

The Old Bailey was told that Islam later tried to get Mr Thomas to buy chemicals for a bomb from the Chinese company Chemical Universe. The court heard how a man working at the company contacted police after he became suspicious about his customer’s request.

Mr Penny said: ‘Islam had been asking this company for chemicals which could be used in a bomb or an explosive device. He was seeking to purchase chemicals and was being told that they could not be purchased from China.’

The court heard that Mr Thomas became so upset about Islam’s texts, he eventually stopped responding to them and then hanged himself from a tree on January 28 this year in Hertfordshire. The prosecutor said that two days earlier, he had sent a message to Islam saying: ‘I am not going to answer you no more I can’t stand the abuse.’

Mr Penny added: ‘He was a young man who sadly took his own life in what was clearly an appalling sequence of events. It was the bullying and intimidation that led ultimately to him hanging himself from a tree on January 28 this year. He had become obsessed by Harry’s death.’

The trial continues.