 in a string of deals by the group, which has now acquired three London hotels and three in the US since April 2014.

The Connaught

According to reports, Qatar's sovereign wealth fund - one of the world's richest with more than $350 billion (Dh1.3tn) of assets under management - is behind the deals. Qatar, one of the world's richest countries per capita thanks to its vast natural gas reserves, has been quietly investing in UK hospitality for some time now, including a stake in Soho House and the Four Seasons Hotel.

With money to spare, Qatari investors have also looked beyond hotels to buy up luxury brands such as London's iconic Harrods department store and Italian fashion house Valentino. But why are they doing this? It seems the answer may be similar to why most of us go on holiday: they just like it.

The Connaught was opened in 1897 by Lady Astor and the hotel has welcomed a number of notable guests including Winston Churchill, the Queen Mother and John Lennon. But with the average room rate of £670 (Dh3,460), it is an unaffordable treat for most of us.

The Berkeley Hotel in Knightsbridge has been run by the family-owned Maybourne Group since 1954 and offers a similarly exclusive experience to its guests with a minimum rate of £780 (Dh4,020). Again, this is out of reach for most holidaymakers. But it seems the wealthy are willing to pay extra for an upmarket stay.

The Maybourne Hotel Group's other properties are Claridge's and the Connaught - both in London - as well as the Beverly Hills Hotel in Los Angeles. In 2013, the group was sold for a reported £675 million (Dh4bn) to Saudi Arabia's Kingdom Holdings and Qatar Investment Authority (QIA).

But the sale of three London properties to the Qatari group is just one example of QIA's expanding portfolio of luxury hotels in Europe. It already has a stake in the Shangri-La Hotel at The Shard, London, as well as the Four Seasons Hotel. It has also bought up shares in the exclusive Soho House club chain, which counts Hollywood stars and British politicians among its members.

Italy's Valentino is another big name to fall into Qatari hands. In February last year, it was revealed that QIA had agreed to buy a stake of just under 20 per cent in the Italian fashion house, with reports suggesting the deal was worth between $800 million and $1 billion (Dh2.96bn-3.67bn).

Valentino is one of the world's most recognisable fashion brands, but it has struggled to compete with its rivals in recent years. Since QIA bought a stake, Valentino has enjoyed a resurgence - last year sales hit €415 million (Dh1.76bn).

So, what does this tell us about the Middle East's growing interest in Europe? For some, it is just another example of money buying luxury. But for others it signals an important shift: the increasing importance of luxury brands and exclusive travel to our lives - and perhaps even our identities.

As we have become more wealthy as a society, the luxury market has continued to grow at a rapid pace, with luxury brands reporting sales well into the billions. According to the Mordor Intelligence report The Global Luxury Market 2015-2020, the global luxury market was worth $343.6 billion in 2013 and is expected to reach $379 billion by 2020 - an impressive compound annual growth rate of 1.7 per cent.

The Middle East is no exception to this trend, with consumers here increasingly buying high-end goods such as designer clothes, jewellery and cars. In the UAE, for example, luxury goods make up a significant proportion of sales in the retail market - particularly in Dubai. And with its year-round sunshine and numerous attractions, the UAE is also a hugely popular tourist destination.

The QIA deal with Maybourne Group was just one of many examples of Qatar's growing investment in Europe. Last week it also emerged that the state fund was set to take a stake in the iconic Harrods department store in London, which is owned by the Dubai-based Investcorp group.

In 2014, QIA bought an almost 50 per cent share in the Four Seasons Hotel in London's Park Lane for £370 million (Dh1.8bn). And last month it was reported that it would acquire a stake in Soho House.

The UK is not alone in attracting Middle East investment. Last year, Abu Dhabi Investment Authority agreed to buy an 80 per cent stake in Italy's Valentino for just under $1 billion (Dh3.7bn).

So what do all these deals tell us about the Middle East's growing interest in Europe? Well, first of all, it seems that Qatari investors are keen to diversify their holdings away from oil and gas assets - which make up a large part of its wealth fund portfolio. This is partly down to concerns about the long-term viability of fossil fuels as an energy source.

But secondly, it also suggests that Middle Eastern investors are increasingly interested in Europe's luxury brands and exclusive travel destinations - both for their own personal enjoyment and as a way to make money from them through investments such as QIA has made at Maybourne Group or Valentino.

For many people, buying these kinds of assets is not just about making money but also about having access to something special and unique: an experience that can only be had by those with the means to pay for it. And it seems this trend is set to continue as more Middle Eastern investors look towards Europe as a source of exclusive goods and travel experiences.