

Investigators say the Germanwings co-pilot deliberately crashed the Airbus A320 into the Alps because he was suffering from depression.

MI5 is now warning that it faces a potential threat from terrorists working in the country’s energy, transport and public service sectors to “destroy Britain”.

The intelligence agency has already uncovered evidence of a plot by jihadis to plant explosives on an oil rig off the coast of Scotland.

And it fears that a similar plot could be used to attack London’s water supply or the electricity grid which keeps the UK’s hospitals functioning and runs the power network.

Britain faces a similar threat from terrorists working inside its own borders, according to sources close to MI5 who have revealed the secret fears of counter-terrorism chiefs.

They say that rogue workers could cause catastrophic damage by deliberately targeting Britain’s transport and energy infrastructure and potentially bringing it to a standstill.

The terror threat comes after last week’s revelation that Germanwings co-pilot Andreas Lubitz, 27, was suffering from depression when he crashed the plane into the French Alps on Tuesday.

Lubitz hid his illness from doctors and was cleared to fly by medical experts despite being in receipt of psychiatric help for the previous year.

Experts say that a terrorist could easily have exploited similar loopholes if they were working within the transport industry to carry out their own campaign of destruction.

A former British intelligence officer said: “What we saw in the Germanwings case is that the pilot had suffered from depression. He knew he was ill but it seems like he didn’t want anyone else to know about his condition.

“The fact is that if you are suffering from mental illness then you are not a fit person to fly an aircraft or work with sensitive material. And yet doctors and the intelligence services have no way of knowing who these people are until it is too late.”

In 2014, MI5’s head of counter-terrorism said that British jihadis had made direct contact with the Islamic State group in Syria to carry out terrorist attacks.

The threat led security forces to launch Operation Temperer - a secret plan to call up soldiers to patrol Britain’s streets in case terrorists launched an attack during the Christmas period.

Speaking at MI5 headquarters last year, Richard Barrett said: “We know that members of the UK network have made direct contact with Isis in order to arrange their travel and training.”

The threat is so severe that the intelligence agency has ordered every terrorist suspect who comes on to its radar for surveillance to be monitored around the clock by MI5’s analysts.

Investigations have shown that the jihadists are using encrypted messaging apps like Telegram, WhatsApp and Viber as well as traditional text messages to communicate with their handlers.

Sources close to the agency say it has uncovered evidence of at least one plot by Islamic extremists who were planning a series of terrorist attacks in Britain.

It is believed that the terror cell were plotting to plant explosives on an oil rig off the coast of Scotland - causing catastrophic damage and putting lives at risk.

Investigations uncovered evidence that the jihadists had been training with explosives in Syria and had made direct contact with a cell based in London to carry out their operation.

MI5 is believed to be working closely with the Royal Navy, which is responsible for patrolling Britain’s energy infrastructure offshore, to stop any future attacks on its installations.

However, sources close to the agency have warned that they fear that other terrorists could use similar techniques to carry out a catastrophic attack within Britain itself.

They say that one of the main areas of concern is public service workers - who could bring about the destruction of transport and energy infrastructure through sabotage or negligence.

The agencies are also concerned that terrorists working inside Britain’s security services could use their clearance to cause damage by leaking information.