 it in tears.

The club has a proud record of resilience, but even that was too much to ask after an opening 20 minutes that will haunt the defence. This was one-way traffic and the goal Boro conceded summed up their evening: too many bodies stood around as Watford cut them open for Idrissa Gana Gueye to finish with aplomb, then Karanka’s side were not helped by Adam Reach’s misguided decision to aim at the near post rather than out wide.

The second, from Troy Deeney, was even worse. Kike Sola should have been marking Deeney and, when he wasn’t, had an open goal at his mercy but somehow fired wide with the goal gaping. Middlesbrough did not look like scoring in the first half and they never recovered from that.

The second was all about the changes Karanka made as the game reached its midway point. He brought on Patrick Bamford, who has been at Middlesbrough for three years and is still awaiting his league debut, and Kike Sola. That meant that two of his three substitutes were strikers, leaving only Albert Adomah as a wide player; the others are all defenders. Karanka’s desire to make changes was understandable, but perhaps he should have reconsidered what those changes would be.

Karanka’s approach was always going to be defensive, and it took 36 minutes for Middlesbrough to get a shot on target. They did not look likely to score. The Spaniard has been working with the same players since he arrived in October and this was just his third away match. He is still trying to establish what shape he will use.

The key man is Ben Gibson, who will almost certainly go straight back into the England Under-21 squad for their play-off against Croatia next week after a good performance. With Daniel Ayala injured and Tomas Mejias not making the most of his chance in goal, Boro are looking vulnerable at the back, even without considering the loss of Grant Leadbitter to Sunderland.

On this evidence, they will have to improve if they want to be promoted; they showed a lack of pace out wide and were far too open going forward. Karanka’s challenge is to try to get his side playing some decent football while staying tight at the back – but it may not be possible.