onan must pay back more than £20m in unpaid taxes as part of an HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) probe into the “disguised remuneration” schemes used by Take That. The three men were ordered to make payments to HMRC last August after a court ruling, but have still not paid up, despite being given a 28-day grace period to do so, according to accounts filed at Companies House. In March, the HMRC won an appeal against the Take That singers’ scheme in which they used offshore trusts to avoid paying taxes. The singers were ordered by the court to pay back £19.7million, with interest accruing.

Take That are set to headline the Sunday night at V Festival 2015 - and will be joined by Rita Ora, George Ezra and Jess Glynne. The chart-topping boy band will top the bill on day three of the festival, which takes place in Staffordshire and Chelmsford on August 22, 23, 24. A source told The Sun: "Take That are big enough to headline a main stage anywhere but they've chosen V because they love the atmosphere there." Rita Ora will play before Take That with George Ezra supporting her and Jess Glynne closing the main stage.

Former Take That singer Robbie Williams has given fans an insight into his childhood. In an interview with The Sun, Robbie told how he was "scared of life" as a child after the death of his father Pete Conway when he was 16. He said: "I was scared of life for about two years. I'd been left with no mum or dad and my older sister had run away to Australia, so it was just me and my brother." Robbie has previously spoken out against the lack of support his family received after their father died of a brain tumour.

Former Take That star Mark Owen is set to appear on ITV1’s hit singing contest ‘The Voice’. The 40-year-old will be joining fellow coaches will.i.am, Tom Jones and new recruit Kylie Minogue as the fourth coach of the show. The announcement comes after the singer performed alongside Robbie Williams and Gary Barlow at London’s Hyde Park last week.

It's been announced that former Take That star Mark Owen will be joining ITV1's hit singing contest 'The Voice'. The 40-year-old will be joining fellow coaches will.i.am, Tom Jones and new recruit Kylie Minogue as the fourth coach of the show.

Former Take That star Robbie Williams is set to perform at London’s Hyde Park on Thursday (July 3) alongside his ex bandmates Gary Barlow and Mark Owen. The trio are teaming up for a one-off performance as part of the British Summer Time festival.

Robbie Williams, who was recently spotted with wife Ayda Field at London’s West End musical Matilda, will be performing as part of a Take That reunion on Thursday July 3 at Hyde Park in London. The singer took to Instagram to share his excitement about the special gig.

Former Take That star Robbie Williams is set to perform with Gary Barlow and Mark Owen at London's Hyde Park next month. The trio will take to the stage on July 3 for a one-off performance as part of the British Summer Time festival. It comes after they reformed for a performance at the Prince's Trust's charity concert in April. Robbie told The Sun newspaper: "Gaz is an amazing writer and Mark has such incredible soulful vocals."