ving, Texas pair's story isn't just a "they look-alike" tale — it's actually one of the most incredible coincidences to ever happen.

Niamh, who works at a medical clinic in the town, was at the local library with her daughter when she noticed that a woman on a nearby table looked like her own sister. She walked over to talk to Karen Branigan and when they exchanged names and ages — Niamh is 26 and Karen is 29 — the similarities were too striking not to be pointed out, so Niamh decided to take it one step further by posting photos of both women on Twitter.

> So I was at the library today with my daughter and met this girl who looks identical to me! Her name's Karen Branigan pic.twitter.com/VwRrJ57dOZ
>
> — Niamh Geaney (@NiamhGeaney) March 14, 2016

That tweet went viral almost instantly, with people from all around the world reposting it and wondering how two women who look exactly alike could be strangers. And then the coincidences started to come out: Niamh's sister is named Karen. Their parents' names are Gerald and Linda — Geraldine and Linda, respectively. Both ladies are nurses by training (though Niamh currently works in a clinic while Karen is an RN) who are from Ireland and have lived in Texas for the past two years. They even had their first date with men named Matt and Sean at almost the exact same time!

> I'm Karen Branigan, yes. And yes, Niamh Geaney is my twin sister pic.twitter.com/5bj34Rn3Hf
>
> — Niamh Geaney (@NiamhGeaney) March 16, 2016

So how can two women who look identical be complete strangers? As it turns out, there's a logical explanation. In a video posted by Buzzfeed, the ladies explain that their parents, Gerald and Linda (who are no longer together), met in Ireland and then moved to America, where they had daughters named Karen and Niamh (the Irish version of their names) two years apart — but since Niamh's mom is American while Karen's is Irish, the family was split between both countries. When Niamh was just three months old, her father died in an accident and then Gerald remarried and had six more children with his new wife. Linda eventually moved back to Ireland with the girls, but when she met a new man and became pregnant, she decided to move back to the U.S., leaving Niamh and her mother behind so they could travel alone.

"I don't really know why my mom didn't bring us over [to America]," Niamh said in the video. "There was a lot of tension and things going on at the time." That meant that while Karen was growing up, she had no idea her doppelgänger even existed — which explains how they never met before now, despite their eerie similarities.

As for what's next for these ladies? They're thinking about starting a business together called Twinsies (clever, right?) where people can pay to have them appear at parties and events together, complete with matching outfits of course.