2 goals in what proved to be a vital win for Napoli against Inter, as they continue their charge for the Scudetto. Lazio beat Bologna thanks to goals from Miroslav Klose and Hernanes; Roma were held at home by Siena after a controversial late penalty decision went against them.

Inter had the better of chances in the first half at Napoli, but were made to pay for some wasteful finishing as Edinson Cavani took advantage and gave the Partenopei a 1-0 lead with an expertly taken volley. Diego Milito equalized from the penalty spot early in the second half, but it was Eto'o who had the final say with a goal in each half to give Napoli all three points. The Nerazzuri remain fifth and six points behind leaders Juventus, while Napoli are now 3rd, five points off top spot.

Milan needed a late equalizer to avoid defeat against Sampdoria at home. The game started brightly for the visitors as Stephan El Shaarawy raced through on goal and was brought down by Angelo Palombo, which resulted in a penalty which was coolly converted by Antonio Cassano. However, the Rossoneri grew into the match and equalized on the brink of half time thanks to a fortuitous deflection off De Jong from a curling free kick. Both sides had chances but it finished 1-1. Milan are now 4th and a point clear of Inter while Sampdoria remain 6th.

Roma were frustrated by Siena, despite having the better chances in the first half. Marco Borriello missed two one on ones for Roma and Andrea Dossena had a goal disallowed due to offside as the sides went into halftime 0-0. The second half was an even affair with neither side able to create anything of note, until Stefano Guberti's handball in the penalty area gave the visitors a late chance from the spot, which Francesco Totti duly dispatched for a 1-0 win. Roma are now 8th and three points off Juventus while Siena remain second bottom of the league.

Lazio beat Bologna 2-0 thanks to first half goals from Klose and Hernanes. The hosts had the better chances throughout, and would have been further ahead but for some good goalkeeping by Roberto Bonanni in the visitors' goal. Lazio are now 10th while Bologna remain 16th.