

The desperate parents of a boy whose head hangs at a 180-degree angle have admitted they would rather he died than continue to suffer. Mahendra Ahirwar, 12, from Madhya Pradesh in central India, suffers from congenital muscular torticollis, a rare condition that causes one shoulder to be higher than the other and twists the neck. Doctors have said there is no treatment for his condition, which could mean he will never walk unaided or speak clearly. And his father, Chhoti Lal Ahirwar, 40, admitted he would rather Mahendra was dead than endure this suffering every day. He said: 'It is the worst thing in the world when your child suffers and there is nothing you can do to help. I just want him to be normal and healthy like any other boy.'
Mahendra is one of 25 children being treated at Bhopal's Shankarlal Hospital who suffer from congenital muscular torticollis. The condition develops in the womb and leaves the child unable to look forward or turn their head to either side. The problem stems from a malformation of the sternocleidomastoid muscles, which run down the neck and attach at the breastbone and jaw.
Mahendra's mother, Tulsi Ahirwar, 40, said: 'We have taken him to many different doctors across India but no one has been able to help us. I just want my son to be normal so that he can walk on his own feet without needing the support of crutches and speak clearly so we can talk together. The only option left is surgery.'
Congenital muscular torticollis is a rare condition affecting one in 2,500 births and causes pain and discomfort for sufferers. Doctors believe it could be caused by malnourishment of the mother during pregnancy or being born in an unnatural position. It can sometimes be corrected with physiotherapy but surgery is the only option for extreme cases like Mahendra's. The operation involves a rod being fitted into the neck to correct the angle and holding it there until the muscles have grown strong enough to keep the head upright on their own.
Surgeon Dr Banshi Lal, who is treating Mahendra, said: 'We believe that surgery is his only option and we would like to arrange it as soon as possible so he can start to live a normal life.'