edium and a lacklustre performance that brought boos and jeers from their own fans.

The Welshman has seen his side take just one point from seven in their last three games following Sunday's 0-0 draw with struggling Sunderland.

“I think we’ve had to play in the shadow of Tom Jones for most of my time here,” Hughes said, referring to the Welsh singer who famously supported Stoke during their spell in the third tier of English football.

“It’s probably a little bit more intense at the moment because it’s an important period we are in but I think there is still a lot of confidence in what they are doing and how they’ve done over the course of the season.”

Stoke have already beaten Manchester City, Chelsea and Tottenham this season and Hughes said he could not understand why his side were booed by their own fans at times on Sunday.

“We haven’t been fantastic but we haven’t been bad enough to justify that sort of reaction from our supporters,” Hughes added.

“I think they understand where we are in terms of the footballing calendar. We have a game next week which is extremely important and there’ll be plenty of time for them to judge us on how well or badly we do.”

The draw leaves Stoke 11th in the table, five points adrift of seventh-placed Southampton with nine games left.

“If you’d said to me when I first got here that we could have a real chance of qualifying for Europe, I would have been delighted,” Hughes said. “We are not far away but if we don’t get anything from this game (against Sunderland) then we will be.”

Sunderland were playing their first Premier League game under caretaker manager Robbie Stockdale after David Moyes was sacked on Saturday following a 1-0 home defeat by Hull City.

“It’s been a really good week,” Stockdale said. “The players have worked really hard, and it was nice to be able to say ‘well done’ to them at the end of the game.”

Stoke goalkeeper Jack Butland saved Jermain Defoe’s penalty in the 13th minute after a handball by Ryan Shawcross.

“I don’t want to blame my players for getting knocked out in a penalty shootout,” Hughes said, referring to his side’s League Cup final defeat against Chelsea on Sunday, when Butland also saved a spot-kick. “I would prefer him to get into the box and stop more shots than that.”