 that fans had showed for the past three managers had been exhausted, but the sight of a team that has been relegated twice within eighteen months now leading the way to another demotion from the Premier League was just too much to bear.

Liverpool’s 2004/5 title winning team were a group of players with great determination and character – they did not know when they were beaten. Their refusal to lie down after falling behind at Old Trafford in December of that year is still talked about as being one of the greatest comebacks in the club’s history. The current crop are nothing like that side, the last thing they showed today was any sign of character or determination to fight back from this situation. They were beaten by a team who had not won at Anfield since 1999 and are still without a win away from home all season.

For the second time in a month a football match has brought the fans together with their manager, but it is only the second time that the fans have been right in this case. At Wigan the players were booed off after being beaten at home by ten men – the players responded with a win at Newcastle and another hard fought point against Man City. Today there was no such response, instead the fans called for Roy Hodgson’s head, whilst the manager’s defence of his team was as weak as it had been in defeat on Monday night.

“I think we are playing well enough to get something from a game”, said Hodgson when questioned about his side’s failure to win at home this season. The irony is that Liverpool have won five and drawn two of their eight away games – the second best record in the league. That fact alone proves beyond any shadow of doubt that there are no real problems with the team on the field, but it is the manager who has failed to get them playing as a unit.

For all of his talk about players taking responsibility for what is going on at the club, Hodgson was talking out of both sides of his mouth when he said after the game that there are “no problems” between him and the players. In fairness to him, when asked whether the team had given up on him, he refused to answer – he knows full well that it is the players who have lost faith in their manager long before today’s events.

There was an air of inevitability about this match from start to finish and Hodgson never looked like being able to change the tide that has seen Liverpool win just one of their last nine Premier League matches, a run that includes six defeats and a draw against Wigan. There was no sign of any tactical changes despite his promise to do so after the match in which they fell behind against Birmingham on Monday night – and, even more worryingly, there were no signs of any fight or passion from a side who are just ten points above the relegation zone.

After such a dreadful run it is hard to believe that Liverpool are still tenth in the table after today’s events. They have now gone nine games without a win at Anfield and they can only look back in horror as they watch Newcastle close in on their old position of fifth, having not won at home all season – today’s result has brought them within seven points of Liverpool.

Hodgson made one change to the side that drew with Birmingham on Monday night with Jamie Carragher replacing Martin Skrtel at centre back. It was the only surprise as the manager named an unchanged eleven for a third consecutive game – an unprecedented feat in his short time at Anfield.

The lack of any attacking intent was clear from the kick off as Liverpool stood off their visitors, allowing them to settle and take control of possession early on. It took almost ten minutes before there was any serious threat to Pepe Reina’s goal as Fletcher tested his reactions with a well-struck free kick that was heading for the top corner until he punched it over. The effort came just moments after Luis Suarez had wasted a great chance after being played in by Gerrard.

The game was starting to liven up and Liverpool were finally looking dangerous, but they failed to make the most of their possession with both Raul Meireles and Lucas shooting well wide from good positions – although Dirk Kuyt’s effort after twenty minutes came closer as he tested Tomasz Kuszczak with a low shot that was heading for the bottom corner until the ‘keeper made an excellent save.

Liverpool looked as though they were starting to take control, but West Brom took the lead in just about the most bizarre of circumstances. Raul Meireles and Maxi Rodriguez failed to connect with a cross from Carragher and the ball hit a defender on the line, where it cannoned off his head and into the net.

Within seconds West Brom had doubled their lead – Gerrard was robbed by Morrison in midfield and the Irishman fed Peter Odemwingie who found the bottom corner from twenty-five yards out with a superb curling effort past Reina.

It would have been hard to imagine that Liverpool could sink any lower, but they did just minutes after going behind when Kuyt was robbed by James Morrison and the ball fell kindly for Chris Brunt who slammed it high into the net from twenty yards out.

The damage was done in just over five minutes, with West Brom having created very few chances before then – but Liverpool’s collapse was all down to a lack of confidence and belief on the field that is there for all to see. When you watch them play now it is obvious to everyone who knows anything about football why they are struggling so badly, especially at Anfield – Hodgson has simply failed in his job as a manager by failing to turn this side into a team with any belief or confidence in their own ability.

There were no signs of any fight-back from Liverpool and West Brom could have added a fourth when Brunt tested Reina again, whilst Odemwingie shot over after being played in on goal – the striker was denied by another excellent save from the ‘keeper in the second half too.

With just two minutes to go Steven Gerrard had a great chance to pull one back for Liverpool when he met a corner from Dirk Kuyt, but his header hit the crossbar with Kuszczak well beaten. There was no sign of a response from Liverpool and Hodgson’s final throw of the dice was to bring on Andy Carroll in place of Gerrard – it seemed like a case of too little, too late for the manager as he tried to salvage something from the game.

There were still moments of hope for Liverpool after going 3-0 down but the reality is that they are a team in turmoil with no belief and little sign of any fight. Hodgson has failed to turn this side into a team, with players refusing to accept his methods – instead of challenging them he seems more interested in praising them for “getting out of jail” at Birmingham – he should be making sure that they never go there in the first place by getting them organised and playing as a team.

It was not all bad for Liverpool though, with Raul Meireles and Dirk Kuyt both putting in good performances once again – both were unlucky not to score on more than one occasion during the game. Unfortunately they have no one else to turn to when they are trying to get back into games, as the other players continue to struggle under their manager’s guidance.

With just ten games remaining Liverpool now face an uphill battle to avoid relegation. With a run of fixtures that includes Arsenal, Manchester City and Chelsea it would take nothing short of a miracle for Hodgson to turn things around at Anfield – although he still has enough time on his contract to see out the season without any fear of losing his job.

Liverpool have gone from being a team with genuine title hopes to a side who are in real danger of falling through the trap door into the Championship – and Roy Hodgson is the only man responsible for that.