ovanni zanonello carabinieri escorting the Royal Family into the Chapel on Easter Sunday, but receive a monthly salary of just £1,205, according to reports.

The Palace said it has been ‘working closely’ with Unite to address its concerns about pay and conditions. A Palace spokesman said: ‘We are grateful for their hard work, and the contribution that they make in looking after the Royal Residences on a daily basis.

‘We have been working closely with our colleagues in Unite to address their concerns over pay and conditions.’ Unite’s members have been invited for a further meeting with Palace representatives today.

It is understood that the wardens earn £21,600 gross a year but pay tax, National Insurance, union membership fees and other deductions, leaving them with about £15,489 per year before take-home pay – the equivalent of £1,290 a month. The lowest paid person working in the Queen’s household is said to be on an annual salary of £16,652, which would mean they take home around £1,387 a month after deductions.

The Palace has said it pays its employees ‘fair and competitive rates of pay’. The 19-strong workforce have also expressed concerns about the lack of overtime payments and ‘ridiculously low’ wages for casual workers, who receive as little as £75 per shift.

Windsor Castle is currently closed to visitors but is still home to a skeleton staff of around 20 people who look after the Royal Family when they visit.

The Queen usually spends most of her time at Windsor Castle, where she has stayed throughout much of the coronavirus crisis. She had been due to travel to Balmoral in Scotland for Easter but remained in Windsor instead. The Queen has also made regular use of Sandringham House, and a skeleton staff was kept on there during the pandemic.

Unite’s regional officer, Matt Allen, told BBC Radio Berkshire that he had been contacted by wardens who said they are being expected to take on ‘increasingly difficult tasks’. He added: ‘I’ve never known this in my 20 years working with royal households.’

The Queen was forced to cancel her Easter church service at St George’s Chapel, Windsor Castle, due to the coronavirus pandemic. It is understood that the Royal Family will still attend a private service on Easter Sunday. The chapel – which has a capacity of 800 people – has been closed to visitors since March 19.

The Queen is expected to stay at Windsor Castle for her usual two-month summer break from late June, according to the Palace.