 when a man rammed into their vehicles while running from police.

Cassie was killed; Brynn's son lived.

"She died just like I think any mom would want to die - holding someone she loved," Johnson said. "I believe she was his angel."

Cassie Miller's husband, Josh, and her daughter were in the car as well when it was hit by the other vehicle on September 18 of last year. Both survived.

The couple has since gotten married and had their first child together; they named him Brynn after the woman who saved his life.

"He is an amazing reminder to me that, you know, she's not lost," Johnson said. "I still have her in my life."

On Friday night, Cassie Miller will be honored for her heroism at the 2014 Golden Acorn Awards Banquet, held by the Cumberland County Sheriff's Department and the Cumberland County Victim/Witness Assistance Program.

"I believe she was his angel."
-Brynn Johnson

The awards are given out each year in honor of people who have made a difference in the community through their acts, including victims or witnesses to crimes, emergency personnel, police officers, and volunteers.

The Cumberland County Sheriff's Department will also honor five deputies and one civilian employee for their "selfless acts."

Deputy T.W. McBride was chosen as the Deputy of the Year. Deputy Justin Millsap was named Rookie Deputy of the Year; he is a former Marine who served three tours in Afghanistan.

The Civilian Employee of the Year award goes to Sgt. J.H. Dixon, who serves in the sheriff's department communications office. He also received an Excellence Award from the NC Association of Public Safety Communicators for his work in helping a man suffering from dementia return home after getting lost on foot.

Deputy J.L. Millsap was honored as the Civilian Officer of the Year. Deputies S.D. Shannon and C.A. Davenport were given awards for their dedication to helping people in need, including children and adults with disabilities.

The final award is the Golden Acorn Award, which will go to Johnson, a victim's advocate with Cumberland County Victim/Witness Assistance Program.

She received it last year as well; this time, she has been nominated for her work assisting Cassie Miller after the car accident.

"When I first got there, her husband was hysterical," Johnson said. "I knew I had to do whatever I could to get him focused so he could be a comfort to his son."

Johnson immediately took charge of the situation and began to calm Josh Miller down enough for him to help his son in the back seat. The car was on fire; there were glass shards everywhere. She helped get his daughter to safety and called 911, all while her own son's school bus was still en route.

"When I got to the scene of the accident, Brynn had a little boy with her who she did not know," Miller said. "She had no idea if he was hers or not because the car was so mangled and there was just blood everywhere."

Cassie's husband credits Johnson with keeping him calm in a frightening situation. He remembers her being by his side, making sure he had his son in his arms as they waited for help to arrive.

"I couldn't tell you how many times I told her 'thank you,'" Miller said. "She just kept saying she was so sorry and that it wasn't my fault."

Johnson said the feeling was mutual. She knew Cassie was the mother of a boy who had attended preschool with her son; he was just two years old at the time, but they were good friends.

"I kept saying 'no, no, this is not going to be OK,'" she said. "She's not going to die."

When Johnson got Cassie to the hospital, she stayed with her until Josh Miller arrived; he was frantic, but she knew the mother of four would want him by their son's side as soon as possible. She remembers telling him that his wife had already been taken care of and that she didn't need any more attention at the time.

"That just showed me how selfless Brynn is," Miller said, "and she is such a loving person."

The ceremony will take place on Friday night at 7 p.m. in the Cumberland County Sheriff's Office training room. It will include a dinner for all recipients and their families.