asty changes to his coaching set up, but not quite quick enough to see off one of England’s greatest ever players as director of cricket.

It is no surprise that Alastair Cook has stepped aside as captain. After all, he did promise Peter Moores that he would if the team failed to reach No1 in the rankings during his tenure, a goal that was missed by some way.

But the decision not to sack him has sparked an even bigger row, with Kevin Pietersen slamming his old captain as “stale” and calling for him to be replaced by Ben Stokes or Alex Hales, who has made himself unavailable for the New Zealand tour after breaking a finger in the IPL.

The ECB’s decision not to take action against Cook was also met with incredulity on social media, where former England players and pundits questioned his continued place at the heart of the side.

Former Yorkshire and Nottinghamshire all-rounder Darren Bicknell summed up the feeling among many when he tweeted: “So Cook can’t captain but stays in the team? I think someone is playing politics.”

England’s batting collapse on day three of the first Test at Lord’s against New Zealand, with Cook top scoring with 54, was the final straw for ECB chief executive Tom Harrison. It saw England slump to a third successive defeat in Test cricket and meant they have now lost six out of seven Tests in 2013.

Harrison called Cook into a meeting at Lord’s after play on Saturday night, during which he was told his days as captain were over – but that he would still be part of the team.

“He understands it and has accepted it,” Harrison said on Sunday morning. “The decision is to try to find some fresh energy in the dressing room by having a new captain and a new vice-captain, and I think we are all confident about the future.

“We know that there’s huge talent in this team and huge ability and it just needs some of that rekindled at the moment.”

Cook said he would be “forever indebted to Andrew Strauss for his support over my captaincy” – a reference to Strauss being England’s director of cricket while Cook was captain.

“The role is incredibly demanding, and it had become clear to both me and the ECB that a change of captaincy at this point would be in the best interests of the team,” he said in an interview with The Daily Telegraph.

Cook’s relationship with Strauss deteriorated during his time as England captain – the pair famously clashed in the build-up to the Lord’s Test against Australia last summer, when Cook accused Strauss of “stabbing him in the back” over claims he was not fit enough for Test cricket.

As for what happens next, Harrison said: “We have got some fantastic players coming through and it is time to give them an opportunity.”