­tions (DPP), said she was prepared for a legal battle with campaigners and victims over what they regard as her leniency towards the former Labour MP, who suffers from early-onset dementia.

Lord Janner was not prosecuted in December last year because of his mental state but his accusers have been lobbying Ms Saunders to mount a prosecution anyway. "If they want me to change my decision, they can come and ask us for permission to bring a judicial review," she told the Daily Telegraph.

"But as it stands now, if they were to go to the court of appeal that would be unsuccessful because of what the court of appeal said in December. If they want me to change my decision they will have to challenge it through the courts."

Ms Saunders said her office had received a large number of letters from Janner’s accusers, who are calling for him to face trial despite his illness. She said there was "a lot of noise around this case" but insisted that her decision not to charge Lord Janner "was made with due care and attention".

Lord Janner, a former Labour MP for Leicester West, was investigated over allegations of child sex abuse stretching back four decades. He is said to have abused children from two boys' homes run by the Christian Brothers, where he volunteered as a teenager. One alleged victim said he had been raped in an empty classroom at the school by Janner, who died in December 2015 aged 87, and that the abuse started when he was about nine years old.

Another claimed to have been raped in a car park after being given a lift home from the school, while a third alleged he had been abused in the home of one of Janner's friends. It is alleged that Janner would invite boys from the home back to his home and that he had sex with some of them.

One man who claimed to have been abused by him said: "We were like little playthings to these people. They could do anything they liked."

Ms Saunders insisted in the Telegraph interview that her decision not to prosecute was taken after a thorough investigation, which included interviews with 170 witnesses and the review of more than 135,000 pages of evidence. "Every single decision that I have made has been done with due care and attention," she said.

The CPS inquiry concluded there was enough evidence to bring charges against Janner but it would not be in the public interest because he was so ill. She said: "I am very conscious about people who say they have been abused by Lord Janner, particularly over such a long period of time."

Ms Saunders added: "There will come a point when the court will decide what is a fair trial for someone who has dementia and what isn't. If we were to bring a prosecution now, it would take about two years to get to trial. Lord Janner is not going to be in a condition to stand trial until at least 2018.

"If we don't start it until then he will be too unwell and if we do start it, he may die before the trial starts."