 Zaman, 29 and the two girls, aged three and five, were detained by the Turkish authorities after they landed at Istanbul airport on Monday night from Gatwick.

It is believed that the couple's two boys, aged nine months and four years old, remain in the UK with relatives and have not been arrested or charged in relation to this case. The family were thought to be heading to Syria to join Islamic State (IS).

Both Malik and Zaman are reported to have left their jobs at a London hospital before flying from Gatwick on 8 February. It is understood that they had attempted to make the journey earlier in January but their plane was grounded over immigration issues.

Malik and Zaman were arrested following a request by UK authorities under an extradition treaty, Turkish officials said.

The British couple are being held at a police station in Istanbul and it is not clear if they will be allowed to stay in the country while extradition proceedings are completed. The children have been put into the care of social services officials who will decide whether or not they can stay with their parents until the legal processes are resolved.

The case emerged after the family's next-door neighbour, who wished to remain anonymous, said he saw Malik and Zaman load up a van full of suitcases before leaving the house on 9 February and flying to Istanbul via Gatwick Airport. He then added: "They left their children behind, two girls aged three and five."

Malik is understood to be British and originally comes from Manchester but he has lived in Wokingham with his partner for several years, while Zaman is reportedly of Bangladeshi origin. The couple have been married since 2014 and both work as nurses at a London hospital, where they met.

"They are religious people but this is totally out of character," the neighbour said. "There was no indication of anything like this before. They were both well liked in the area. The two children who have been left behind are still here with their relatives."

The couple's neighbours added that they had noticed Malik and Zaman behaving suspiciously in recent weeks, adding: "They took the van out a week or so ago and filled it with suitcases. Then the next time we saw them they had moved into a hotel and were waiting for their children to arrive."

Their neighbours said that the two girls left the house on 1 February and travelled to Bangladesh, before returning to the UK on 4 February and heading straight to the hotel in Slough.