­marijuana in Britain is booming.

The 34-year-old Londoner says he is one of the UK's only suppliers of medicinal marijuana to people who suffer from chronic illnesses, and he doesn't want to be caught up in the war against drug dealers. "It would be nice if I could operate legally," said Impey, who has a master's degree in neuroscience.

"But that's not going to happen for some time."

Impey is one of an increasing number of Britons taking a risk by selling marijuana as a medicine after the Home Office announced plans earlier this year to relax restrictions on medical use of the drug. Under current legislation, it is illegal to prescribe or supply cannabis even though doctors are able to prescribe synthetic drugs that mimic its effects.

Impey's business has grown rapidly since he set up his website last month. He is now selling a kilogram of marijuana buds for £300 ($615), and he claims to be supplying about 150 customers a week, including people with chronic pain caused by MS (multiple sclerosis), arthritis and cancer.

A former dealer who worked in a cannabis cafe, Impey is now one of the most high-profile members of the campaign to legalise medicinal marijuana, which has been gaining momentum since the Home Office announced plans to introduce a license scheme for doctors to prescribe the drug.

The initiative was welcomed by British celebrity chef and cancer sufferer Bryan Adams, who has used medical cannabis oil to treat his symptoms. "I have seen first-hand how this medicine can improve people's quality of life," he told the Guardian newspaper in January.

"I hope it will soon become available as a legal prescription for all those who need it."

A YouGov poll found that 62 percent of respondents backed legalising medical marijuana, compared to 14 percent who were against the idea. The Home Office has since been working on the details of its license scheme with the Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry and the Royal Pharmaceutical Society.

But some health experts fear that medicinal marijuana would open up a loophole for criminals to profit from illegal drugs, while others warn of serious side effects in young people. "It is important not to give false hope to people who are suffering from severe illnesses," said Professor Colin Blakemore, ­president of the British Neuroscience Association, last week.

"There is no good evidence that cannabis can be used safely to treat multiple sclerosis or epilepsy in adults or children."

Impey, who claims that his customers include "people who have been made redundant and people who have lost their jobs due to chronic pain", said: "I do not believe anyone should go to prison for possessing cannabis. There is a lot of evidence that it can help people suffering from pain."

The Home Office has insisted that no decisions on licensing medicinal marijuana have yet been taken, but that the drug was being considered as part of wider plans to "explore the use of medical marijuana".

"There are already some medicines that contain active ingredients derived from cannabis," a spokesman said.

"The Government is committed to considering all available evidence in order to develop the most effective and compassionate policies for patients."