ook has been jailed.
Andrew Hennells, 20, of Westbourne Road, Widnes, posted a message on Facebook admitting his intentions to rob a Tesco supermarket 15 minutes before carrying out the crime.
The post read: “Armed robbery in progress.” The court heard how Hennells and an accomplice entered Tesco Express in Widnes at 11.20pm on Saturday, November 13, with Hennells carrying a handgun.
They threatened staff and demanded cash before making off with £710 from the till.
Liverpool Crown Court heard how Hennells had been drinking that night after taking his girlfriend to a fancy dress party where he was given vodka.
But he got drunk, fell out with friends and was kicked out of the party at 9pm.
After getting into an argument with his girlfriend, he drove away in his Ford Fiesta to clear his head.
During the journey he decided to carry out the robbery because he thought it would be “fun”.
He had previously told a friend that he was planning on stealing money from Tesco and wanted to know how to get hold of a gun.
His friend refused to help but told Hennells to go on Gumtree where he found an advert for the sale of airguns.
Hennells rang the number but hung up before the man could answer. He later realised he had been recorded leaving a message on the phone and called back to explain that it was “just a joke”.
After hanging up, he received a text from the seller asking him to come to an address in Widnes where he bought a CO2 air rifle for £35.
Hennells then went home and spoke with his girlfriend, who gave him permission to rob Tesco as long as nobody got hurt.
He then took his Fiesta back to where he had parked it on the night of the robbery, and armed himself with the rifle before driving to Widnes and heading for Tesco.
At 11.20pm on November 13, Hennells and an accomplice entered the supermarket brandishing a knife and a handgun and demanded money from staff.
Staff were left terrified as they handed over £710 in cash before Hennells and his accomplice fled the scene.
Hennells then drove to a petrol station where he was arrested at 11.39pm, after police spotted his car. He dropped the gun from the window of the vehicle before he was arrested.
Hennells pleaded guilty to robbery when he appeared at Liverpool Crown Court on Wednesday, February 24. The court heard how Hennells has been in trouble with the law in the past and has a previous conviction for handling stolen goods. He has also previously committed two breaches of a suspended sentence order.
Jailing him for five years, Judge Mark Brown said: “It is extraordinary you posted your intentions on Facebook. I am sure it was to show off to other people how tough you were.”
The judge also sentenced the accomplice, 20-year-old Liam McSorley of Drake Close, Widnes, for five years in prison. He pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing to robbery and possession of a knife.