arse remarks in front of an audience at the Cheltenham Literature Festival and was reportedly filmed using the F-word at least twice while discussing his shock firing by the corporation earlier this year. He also told how he had “beaten up” a journalist over a review they’d written of his first novel, The World According To Clarkson.

The broadcaster said: “I wrote an article about my favourite cars and it was all very well done. But it wasn’t as good as the one by the motoring correspondent at The Times. He said he thought I was a twerp and that I should go back to the car show. And when I read that, I thought ‘I know where I can put this review’. I’ve been there. So I got in my car and drove straight to his office. I had to beat up a journalist to get this book published.”

He added: “The good news is, I don’t have to worry about being sacked from the BBC any more. There is an upside. You can say f***ing.”

Clarkson was fired by the corporation in March after allegedly attacking a producer who had run out of food. He has since signed a £100 million deal with Amazon for a new show, and was yesterday asked what it was like to work on his new series.

He replied: “It’s great. I don’t have to do the f***ing BBC any more.”

The motoring expert’s remarks are unlikely to endear him to the broadcaster, which has been criticised for paying him a £165,000 severance package following his dismissal.

An audience member then asked him how he felt about being called “an egotistical, money-hungry, racist bully”. He replied: “I don’t want to say any more about the BBC.” The 54 year old was then asked whether he was a feminist. He answered: “Not really. I just want there to be no difference between men and women. We all should be equal, except for that bit.”

The audience laughed in response, with Clarkson adding: “You are laughing because you think I’m being funny, but I actually mean it. It would be better if we were all exactly the same. Just different coloured bits hanging off us.”