 He has also been accused of sharing a girl friend with a political crony.  The trial ended last week and now we wait for the verdict.

The corruption charges include allegations that Menendez asked then-Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to help a donor, Salomon Melgen, in his dispute with the Medicare program over reimbursement rates for an eye examination.  He also allegedly pressured the State Department to intervene on behalf of Melgen’s business interests in the Dominican Republic and Haiti.

In exchange for these favors, prosecutors say, Menendez received millions of dollars from Melgen that he used to pay for luxury vacations, private jets, hotel rooms, gifts, political contributions, and other favors.  Melgen was convicted by a jury in November of tax evasion, fraud, and failing to pay Medicare claims properly.

The most damaging allegation against Menendez is his relationship with his friend and donor Dr. Salomon Melgen who donated hundreds of thousands of dollars to the Senator’s campaign.  According to the prosecutors, Menendez shared a girl friend, Katie Beirne Fallon, with another long time crony, Bob Hale, during his first year as Senator in 2006.  Prosecutors allege that when Melgen learned of the relationship, he offered the girl friend a lucrative position on his staff.  She was eventually hired at $540,000 per year to work at Melgen’s clinic where she had no experience or training.  Menendez did not report any income from Melgen on his financial disclosure forms and the gifts were allegedly not reported as required by law.

According to Politico Magazine, the prosecution produced “a long list of ‘quid pro quo’ favors, including a series of private meetings with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and other senior officials, as well as requests for help from various federal agencies, all on behalf of Melgen.”  The defense team, however, argued that Menendez did not realize he was doing anything wrong and the gifts were not related to his work in Washington.

During his closing statements, Menendez’s attorney Abbe Lowell stated “you are entitled to nothing more than your fellow citizens’ best effort to sort out the truth from what is false” and suggested that the trial had become politicized.  Menendez has pleaded not guilty and said he never did anything wrong.

If convicted, Menendez faces a maximum of 15 years in prison and a $2 million fine on each count.  He was reelected to office just last year.