 u spend four seasons in the most exclusive club in the world, you tend to develop an air of relaxed confidence that only a few people on this planet will ever understand.

Lauda’s career has spanned the highs and lows that come with a life dedicated to F1, but now he is retired from full-time racing for Mercedes Benz AMG Petronas GP. He has switched his focus to team management in an effort to give something back to a sport that has given him so much.

“I’m not looking to do it on my own,” Lauda explains about his new role as Vice-President of Mercedes Grand Prix. “I want to help the engineers and technical staff develop the car, because they don’t have any real experience. I want to help them and show them how things were done in the past.”

This is not a job for Lauda; it is his life. The Austrian admits that he still struggles to understand why people want him to sign autographs. “I cannot believe that someone has my picture on the wall of their home or wants to keep something signed by me,” he says. “They have no idea what I’ve been through, and what it is like for me in life.”

This is a man who nearly died twice, survived a horrific crash at the Nürburgring in 1976 and then again during the 1982 Italian Grand Prix at Monza. It was here that Lauda would be forced into retirement after suffering third-degree burns to his hands and face. “I still can’t understand how I survived,” he says. “But it made me realise life is a very precious thing, so I want to enjoy myself.”

In 1983 Lauda turned his attention away from F1 and focused on his other passion: air travel. He acquired two private jets – a Gulfstream V and a Bombardier Global Express XRS – and launched a business called Niki Airlines in Austria. In recent years he has expanded the company into Europe, and now owns eight planes that have helped him realise a lifelong dream of owning an airline.

“I wanted to be the boss,” Lauda says with a smile. “You cannot do that as a racing driver. That’s why I retired from the sport.” But Lauda’s desire for control is still strong, and it has shaped his new role in F1. “My job at Mercedes is similar to what I did at Ferrari,” he explains. “I will not be involved with the mechanics or the pit crew, but I will advise on how things were done in the past and help make sure the right people are in charge of doing the right job.”

Lauda’s arrival at Mercedes Benz AMG Petronas GP marks a new era for the Silver Arrows. The Austrian is an exciting prospect because he has the experience, the passion and the desire to succeed – which is something that many in F1 lack nowadays. He knows what it takes to win, because he’s done it more than any other driver on the grid.

But Lauda’s influence will only be felt if the team can turn their fortunes around. In recent years Mercedes has struggled to keep up with rivals Ferrari and McLaren, but now they have a new engine partner in the form of Mercedes Benz.

The Silver Arrows are hoping that this new relationship will help them return to their former glory days when they dominated F1 in the 1950s and early-1960s. But for now there is still a lot of hard work ahead, and only time will tell if Niki Lauda can turn things around at Mercedes.

Lauda’s role in F1 will be fascinating to watch over the coming years; he may not have won as many races as other drivers on the grid, but he is one of the most successful racers ever to compete in the sport. He has survived two horrific accidents that nearly killed him and still managed to come back from retirement to enjoy a life outside of racing.

Lauda’s new position at Mercedes Benz AMG Petronas GP marks an exciting new chapter for F1, and we look forward to seeing how he will use his experience to help the team achieve success in the future.