unted his store.

Prasanna ‘Nick’ Arulchelvam, 38, died in hospital last night after he fell from a van as he tried to chase the gang out of the Co-op store in the early hours.

The incident took place at about 4am on Sunday morning when Mr Arulchelvam heard a loud noise coming from his shop in Church Street, Luton.

He ran outside and saw four men breaking into the store. When he tried to chase them down the street they sped off in a white Ford Transit van, forcing him to jump out of their way.

But as Mr Arulchelvam made his escape he slipped on some oil that had been strewn on the road and fell beneath the vehicle’s wheels.

He was taken to Luton and Dunstable Hospital where doctors tried desperately to save him. But despite their efforts he died at 11pm.

Mr Arulchelvam leaves behind two daughters, aged nine and three, his wife Viji, and parents who live in Sri Lanka. He has also left behind a sister who lives in Australia and another in New Zealand.

His brother-in-law Sivaruban ‘Robbie’ Thayaparan said: “He was an incredible person – very kind hearted and always willing to help anyone out. He lived for his family and was an excellent father.

“It is terrible that he has died in this way, but he would have been there doing the same thing if it had happened to anybody else.”

A former employee at the store said: “He was a real people person who treated everyone with respect. He was always really helpful and willing to do what was necessary.

“It is such an awful tragedy that this should happen to him. He had been working there for about 18 months, but he knew everybody in the neighbourhood. It’s going to be a huge loss.”

A post mortem examination into Mr Arulchelvam’s death will take place later today at Luton and Dunstable Hospital.

Police are still appealing for witnesses to come forward. They have released descriptions of three of the men they want to question in connection with the incident. The first suspect is a white man, about 6ft tall, aged 25 to 30, with short dark hair, wearing a black jacket and jeans.

The second is an Asian man, between 17 and 25, with short brown hair, about 5ft 9inches tall and of slim build. He was wearing blue jeans and a black jacket. The third suspect was also described as Asian with short dark hair, around 6ft tall, and wearing dark clothing.

Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 01582 394900 or Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555111.