 Magdalena Lima, 21, disappeared on July 29th from the house where she was staying at in Cwmbran.

Police have also said they are treating the disappearances of four people - Stephen Jones, 38, Robert Coombes, 47, Gary Nuttall, 52, and 18-year-old Michael Wynne as 'high-risk' missing persons cases.

The three men were all lodgers at the home where Ms Lima was living - on Penylan Avenue in Cwmbran. The 21-year-old from Argentina had been staying there for around a month and police are yet to find any trace of her.

Detectives said they have seized an industrial meat grinder from the house during a search, while they have also released photographs of the three men. Police have not yet found any trace of Mr Jones, Mr Coombes or Mr Nuttall, who are all believed to be lodgers at the same address.

Detective Superintendent Mark O'Shea said: "This is a complex and protracted investigation that has seen us deal with missing people, suspected murder, homicide and now what we believe could be a potential serial killer. "It has been an incredibly busy 36 hours for Gwent Police and our investigations are continuing at pace as we do all we can to find the answers and bring closure to these families."

The body of another person - David Wynne, 57 - was discovered at a flat in Ebbw Vale on Monday night after an anonymous call. South Wales Police said they believe Mr Jones, Mr Coombes and Mr Nuttall may be living rough in the Ebbw Vale area, according to ITV News.

All three are still missing as of Wednesday morning (August 3) and police have launched appeals for information on their whereabouts. A murder investigation was also launched after the discovery of a body on Tuesday night, which has since been confirmed as that of 30-year-old Mark Dacey.

Mr Dacey was reported missing from Cwmbran on Saturday afternoon and is believed to have died in suspicious circumstances. A 42-year-old man from Cwmbran has been arrested on suspicion of murder, while a woman has also been arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender.