

When Barcelona midfield maestro Xavi came on as a half-time substitute against PSG in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday night he sent records tumbling. The former Spain international played his 150th European game, becoming only the second man to reach that milestone after Iker Casillas, and he made his 76th appearance in the Champions League, overtaking Barcelona legend Lionel Messi who had previously held the club record.

However, Xavi’s arrival on the pitch wasn’t just a record-breaking occasion for him alone, as it was also a memorable night for one of the most famous footballing sons of Gibraltar. The former Manchester City midfielder Joe Hart became only the second goalkeeper to play 100 games in Europe’s elite club competition and he joins the exalted company of Iker Casillas, who has played 178 Champions League games.

Hart made his Champions League debut on September 29, 2010 for Man City against Dynamo Kiev and he hasn’t looked back since then. The Shot Stoppers sat down with the 33-year-old to discuss what it means to him to have reached this landmark achievement.

Hart has had a distinguished career, winning two Premier League titles and also claiming the English top flight’s Golden Glove Award for three consecutive seasons between 2011 and 2014. His success with Man City earned him a call up to the England squad and he would play in the World Cup in South Africa (2010), Brazil (2014) and Russia (2018) while also winning the Euros in Ukraine and Poland in 2016.

But how does he look back on his career so far? “I’m really proud of what I have achieved. As a young boy growing up, you dream about playing for your country and winning the World Cup and European Championship. To be involved in all those moments is just brilliant and to achieve over 100 games in the Champions League is incredible.”

Hart also took some time to reflect on his first game in the competition against Dynamo Kiev. “I remember that game very well and it was an amazing experience. My debut for Man City came two years before and it was great to see how much the club had progressed so quickly and it was brilliant to be a part of such a talented team.”

The former Shrewsbury Town shot-stopper has also seen the evolution of the Champions League as a competition over his time. “It is definitely more competitive now than when I started out in Europe and there are lots of top teams involved that can cause an upset. The biggest difference for me is in the mentality of the players. When I first came to the competition, all we wanted was not to get beaten and to do well in the group stages.”

Hart added: “But now you have to look at it more as a chance to win and not just getting through the group stage. You really want to go on and win this competition but obviously, the odds are against you with the top teams involved so we’ll see what happens for us at Man City.”

Although Hart is proud of his achievements, he remains hungry for success. “I’m still very ambitious and I would love to play in another European final and be involved with another English team that can go far in Europe,” he said. “It is a brilliant competition and you get the chance to play against the best players on the planet so I’m really excited about getting back out there.”

The Englishman has also had an impact off the pitch after becoming one of the most recognisable faces in football. His career as a goalkeeper has seen him develop a strong following and he has used this to great effect to raise awareness of mental health issues. He is an ambassador for several charities, including the Football Association’s Heads Up campaign and the Samaritans.

Hart said: “I have been really involved with mental health charities recently and I am really proud to be able to do this work. It is a cause close to my heart as it is something that affects so many people, not just in football but throughout society. Mental health has always been an issue for me and it was great when Man City decided to support the Heads Up campaign.”

He added: “I think it’s important that we all help each other as we go through life and if I can make a difference, then I will do my best.”

Hart’s goalkeeping career started in 2005 with Shrewsbury Town where he was signed by former Manchester United manager Brian Kidd. The youngster made his debut for the club in an FA Cup tie against Newcastle United and it wasn’t long before he was earning a move to Man City in July 2006. He would make his Premier League bow the following season against Sunderland but it took a while for him to become established at the Etihad Stadium as Shay Given and Stuart Taylor were ahead of him in the pecking order. Hart’s chance finally came when the Irishman suffered an injury in September 2008 and he never looked back, cementing his place with some commanding displays.

The goalkeeper had a stint on loan at Birmingham City in 2010/11 before returning to Man City and becoming the club’s number one keeper, playing in the Premier League winning seasons of 2011/12 and 2013/14 as well as claiming the Golden Glove award for each season.

Hart also had a successful spell with Torino in Serie A from 2016 to 2018 where he won the Coppa Italia and Italian Supercoppa before returning to England with Burnley in August 2018. His stay at Turf Moor was short-lived though as he departed on loan to West Ham United in January 2019 before making the move permanent a year later. The shot-stopper has just come off contract this summer but could return to his old club Man City to take up an academy coaching role.

Hart’s international career started with England Under-21s where he played alongside Jack Wilshere, Theo Walcott and Gareth Barry as they won the European Championship in 2009. He made his senior debut for the Three Lions against Hungary in November 2008 and has gone on to play 75 times for England, playing at two World Cups (2010 and 2014) and Euro 2016.

Hart’s international career began with England Under-21s where he won the European Championship in 2009 alongside Jack Wilshere, Theo Walcott, and Gareth Barry. He made his senior debut for the Three Lions against Hungary in November 2008 and has gone on to play 75 times for England, playing at two World Cups (2010 and 2014) and Euro 2016.

Hart’s first appearance in the Champions League came against Dynamo Kiev in September 2010.

He made his senior debut for the Three Lions against Hungary in November 2008 and has gone on to play 75 times for England, playing at two World Cups (2010 and 2014) and Euro 2016.