

The CCTV shows masked raiders entering and leaving the jewellers’ on four occasions over two days as they used sledgehammers and industrial saws to drill through thick concrete walls and steel doors.

It is believed the thieves may have stolen more than £10 million worth of precious stones after the gang got away with 300 jewellery items from the London vault.

The four men were caught on camera entering and exiting the building at regular intervals between Friday May 22 and Sunday morning (May 24) when they made their escape.

They can be seen carrying large sacks and bags into a waiting van as part of their daring plan to steal from the Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Company, which is owned by Brian Reader, a member of the gang convicted in the £14 million Brinks Mat robbery in 1983.

The footage comes just hours after it was reported that police may be forced to compensate owners for not acting on an alarm at the site, after officers failed to respond to four alerts raised between Thursday and Sunday.

It is believed officers will now have to explain why they did not respond to the calls despite there being a police station just around the corner from the scene of the robbery.

The first call was made by one of the Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Company staff members on Thursday, but as it was just after 10pm and officers were busy dealing with other crimes they decided not to act.

But on Friday at 8:15am a security guard who had been monitoring the scene heard an alarm going off which he initially believed could have been caused by a generator malfunctioning, but he then saw someone climbing out of the roof.

The security officer called police again, and again they failed to respond.

By 8:30pm on Sunday another alarm was raised at the scene, and when officers arrived at the scene it is believed the gang had already been working on the vault for two days.

One of the thieves, who was carrying a large bag, can be seen leaving the building just before the police arrive at the scene.

By 10.20pm on Sunday night the officers were still at the scene and saw four men getting out of a white van across the road and walking towards the building.

But as they approached the scene the thieves all put their hoods up and walked away.

Police are now trying to track down the owner of the white Ford Transit Van, which was seen leaving the site at around 10.25pm on Sunday night.