

It is seen as extremely rude in most human societies, but it appears apes also use whispers to pass on information they do not want others to hear.

Gibbons – better known for their deafening songs that can be heard up to two kilometres away – have been observed whispering to other gibbons as far away as 40 metres.

The researchers, who studied the species at the Wildlife Conservation Society’s (WCS) Pongolapoort Nature Reserve in South Africa, say they may use a variety of vocal ranges to communicate with others nearby while keeping information hidden from others.

In their study published in the journal Biology Letters, they state: “Acoustic communication in apes and humans is not limited to public calls. We have recently found that gibbon calls can vary considerably in frequency as well as other acoustic properties.”

The scientists said it appeared the gibbons used different sounds for different purposes.

“This suggests a range of vocalisation types that may be used to communicate with conspecifics (of the same species) at close proximity while excluding those who are distant,” they wrote. “It seems that we must expand our understanding of the nature and function of vocal communication in apes.”

Researchers from the WCS studied groups of western black-crested gibbons (Nomascus concolor) – also called Tonkin snub-nosed monkeys – living at the reserve, which borders a large wilderness area. The animals were not part of a captive breeding programme.

They recorded calls from 20 different individuals and studied how they interacted with each other and others in the group.

The gibbons communicate through “piercing, loud ‘songs’” – so loud they can be heard over two kilometres away – but also use a variety of other sounds to communicate within their group or family unit.

“While the purpose of these calls is unknown, it may relate to information that should not be communicated to those who are far away,” the researchers said. “Alternatively, as has been suggested in the past for humans, communication at close proximity may serve to coordinate movements and interactions between individuals without attracting too much attention from others.”

The scientists said they would now look more closely into how the animals use their voices.