oyant. But on his day he has a game which few others do.

Monfils was the man of the moment against Dominic Thiem on Court Suzanne-Lenglen here today. He produced a first set masterclass to leave the Austrian bewildered. After that it was no surprise that Monfils took the win in three, although he did have to work a little harder in the last two sets than many might have anticipated.

So this is Monfils’ second Masters 1000 semi-final of the season after Miami and his 24^{th} overall. That equates to about one every year which makes you wonder just how much of an underachiever he really has been. He certainly hasn’t capitalised on the talent he was given – that is clear – but that does not mean he is a bad player.

Monfils’s problem is more fundamental than that; he just does not have the mindset to be a great player. There are plenty of people out there who could teach him how to play tennis and that is why it seems like such an underachievement. But we are all human and Monfils has just never had the determination or discipline to go with his natural ability.

Of course there will be those out there that say he should just let himself have fun, enjoy life and the tennis will come along naturally. That is all well and good but it doesn’t make you a top 20 player on the ATP Tour. It does not give you a career Grand Slam or 12 Masters titles to your name.

So he remains a frustrating figure; there have been signs that he will be the next French star for years and we are still waiting. But what is sure is that he is entertaining when he plays well and he certainly played very well in Paris today.

Thiem meanwhile looked a little underdone and that is understandable. He was in Shanghai last week, but it is unlikely he got much from that tournament after his opening round exit. And then he arrived late at the tournament here before losing his first two matches. But this has been a good week for him; beating both Murray and Nadal would have given him a huge confidence boost and now he can look forward to 2016.

That’s not all bad either because he should be able to build on those performances next year. He is still only 22-years old so there is plenty of time for him to make his name as a top 10 player, and perhaps even higher than that. The problem with Thiem is that we don’t know how good he can be because he has not played enough matches against the very best players in the world.

We know he beat Murray and Nadal this week but we have also seen him lose to Paire, Simon, Kokkinakis and a couple of other lower-ranked players. And that is what makes Thiem so frustrating; you just don’t know quite what to expect from him because he has not had a chance to develop yet. But we should see some big improvements from the Austrian over the next few years.

And that leaves us with Stan Wawrinka and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga for tomorrow’s semi-final. Both have looked in good form this week, although neither of them played a great match in their quarter-finals today. But they both had enough to win against an in-form Gilles Simon (for Tsonga) and the dangerous Roberto Bautista Agut (for Wawrinka).

And that is the real issue here; there have been plenty of question marks over how well Tsonga can play against the top players, but he has been playing better than any other player in the last few months. That has not changed this week either; he has dropped just 14 games on his way to the semi-finals and that is a good sign for his chances tomorrow.

Wawrinka meanwhile has looked great at times but he also had some problems against Bautista Agut in particular. And while he won the match fairly comfortably in the end, he was never really in control of it until he broke the Spaniard’s serve for the last time.

So there will be plenty of doubts over his chances tomorrow. But he has proved himself to be a great competitor and he will not let that get the better of him here. That means we could have a cracking match on our hands in Paris tomorrow; Tsonga v Wawrinka for a spot in the final.

Who would you take from that list?