

For over seven decades, it was displayed only once, and then for just one day at Howard University's Moorland-Spingarn Research Center. The series had been gifted to Howard University by the artist himself after its debut on May 18, 1941, in Harlem, New York.

Howard has since made it publicly available online — but with some caveats.

On Friday, the university announced that a digital exhibition of the series is now accessible through the Moorland-Spingarn Research Center website and its corresponding mobile app. The exhibition includes audio files from the artist himself discussing the series and a video detailing his life and work, the university said in a statement.

But, it added, "because the digital exhibition has the potential to increase accessibility to this rare collection, Moorland-Spingarn Research Center will require an appointment for in-person access."

Howard University has made Jacob Lawrence's 60-panel series "The Migration of the Negro," available online.

The artwork is significant because it tells a story about black history that hasn't always been told, said Johnnetta Betsch Cole, a retired professor and president emerita of Spelman College who worked for many years at the Moorland-Spingarn Research Center.

"In an era where most people in the North and South were not thinking about the story of the migration from south to north, here is one man, Jacob Lawrence, who was saying it's very important to tell this story," Cole said. "It shows that black folks are moving and that they are going somewhere and why they are going somewhere."

The artist was a teenager when he first painted a picture of the migration experience on his family home in New York City's Harlem neighborhood, which is where he drew inspiration for the series.

"We lived next to a couple that had moved from down south," Lawrence told The New York Times in 2014. "The wife was my mother's best friend, and she would tell me stories about how they had come north."

In 1939, Lawrence returned to Harlem after spending several years at a boarding school in New Jersey, where he studied under Henry Ossawa Tanner. He also attended the Barnes Foundation art school in Merion, Pennsylvania, and studied the work of modernist painters such as Pablo Picasso and Diego Rivera.

Jacob Lawrence's "The Migration Series" depicts the lives of millions of pre-World War II blacks who moved from the oppressive South to the promise of a better life in the North.

Within two years, the artist had produced the series with his signature style: bright colors; flat planes and outlines for figures; and large blocks of color, according to the museum's website. He also used text to provide context for each painting, which he would later remove from the final version.

In 1940, Lawrence received a Guggenheim Fellowship that allowed him to continue work on his series and helped support his family, according to the museum. The artist later moved to Seattle to teach art at the University of Washington after spending several years in New York City, where he continued to produce work.

"He was very interested in social change," said Cole. "That's what motivated him to do his work."

In 2014, Lawrence was honored by The Metropolitan Museum of Art with a retrospective exhibit of his works.

According to Howard University, the series is "one of the most important visual depictions of black history in the United States," and its only other public showing came during that one-day viewing in 1941.

It has since been kept on permanent display at the Moorland-Spingarn Research Center and was designated a National Historic Landmark by President Jimmy Carter in 1976, according to the museum's website.

CNN has reached out to Howard University for comment about why it is only now making the series available digitally.

This story has been updated with additional information from Johnnetta Betsch Cole and Jacob Lawrence's exhibition at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in 2014.

Original Article