15 days into a murder trial after allegedly stabbing to death Tammy Jo Blanton in 2014, as well as sexually assaulting and cannibalising parts of her body. Prosecutors are now seeking to add rape charges against the defendant, who has pleaded not guilty. He is already facing a possible sentence of life without parole, after pleading guilty in 2015 to breaking into Ms Blanton’s home, killing her and eating some of her organs. Oberhansley, 34, was also sentenced to 55 years for burglary in the incident in September 2014.

Oberhansley is accused of stabbing Tammy Jo Blanton to death after breaking into her home (pictured) before cooking and eating some of her organs. Prosecutors are now seeking to add rape charges against the defendant

Ms Blanton, a 46-year-old mother-of-three, was found dead at her Clark County, Indiana, home in September 2014 after Oberhansley called police and asked to turn himself in. Her body was partially nude when officers entered the house. A coroner later testified that Ms Blanton had been stabbed ‘numerous’ times and had defensive wounds on her arms and hands. Oberhansley said he killed his ex-girlfriend, who had a restraining order against him, after she refused to let him in. He told police he was angry she had a new boyfriend.

‘I went back to Tammy Jo’s house and I got mad and I just kind of blacked out on her,’ he said according to court documents obtained by the Courier Journal. ‘I cut her throat. It was open pretty good.’ He then allegedly took some organs from her body and ate them.

He also told cops he ‘cooked them in the oven and ate them’. Oberhansley is now accused of raping his ex-girlfriend before he killed her (pictured), a charge the defendant denies

Oberhansley was sentenced to 55 years for burglary, but not murder. He has pleaded not guilty to murder in his trial which started on September 29, with prosecutors now seeking to add rape charges against him. During closing arguments last Thursday, Oberhansley’s attorney called the evidence presented against her client ‘weak’.

Oberhansley said he was angry she had a new boyfriend (pictured)

‘The state has done everything it can to paint this picture of you as a monster but if you listen to the evidence, the evidence is weak,’ his attorney Katheryn Averitt told the jury. ‘It doesn’t make sense.’ Jurors are expected to deliberate for at least two days before reaching a verdict, with Oberhansley facing up to life in prison without parole if he is found guilty of murder. The 34-year-old is also charged with burglary and criminal mischief.  He is being held at the Clark County Jail without bond.