ringed curtains and knitting all day long.

“I’m a real party girl,” says Pat. “I have been a widow for almost 10 years now. I never expected to be dancing on tables at 69 but there we go.”

She is in full-on party mode now thanks to the return of her favourite TV show Strictly Come Dancing. And she is determined that everyone should have as much fun as she has enjoyed since hitting retirement. “I want to encourage other people my age to live life to the full,” she says. “I had a job from 16 onwards and I was in an office all day. I wasn’t doing anything active at all. I never went dancing.”

And even when her husband died, Pat says it was only by chance that she got back into the swing of things. She was invited to join a local dance group by her neighbour after attending the funeral of a mutual friend and, 12 years on, has made lots of friends and is thoroughly enjoying herself.

“I’ve been married twice but my last husband died nine years ago,” says Pat. “My first husband was in the RAF so we were always moving around and I never had time to get into anything local where we lived. So when we finally settled down here, I didn’t have a social life at all.”

She is now part of the senior social group Dancing Divas which meets every Friday and has become so popular it has had to move to the larger premises of Musselburgh Conservative Club in East Lothian. Pat says she wouldn’t want to be anywhere else.

“I love everything about it,” she says. “During the week I don’t do a lot but on Fridays I put my make-up on and get dressed up. It’s like going to a party, it really is.”

The dancing group has been running for 12 years and was originally set up by local councillor Pauline McNeil who started off with only five members but it now attracts more than 40 regulars every Friday night. It’s not just about the dancing, there’s lots of tea drinking too and Pat says she loves that they all get together to catch up on each other’s lives.

“We have a lot of fun,” she says. “I have a big personality so I enjoy being at the front leading the group but the really good thing is that it makes people feel included. It doesn’t matter how old you are or how fit you are, there’s something for everyone.”

Pat has always loved dancing and is happy to admit that her favourite position on the dance floor is in the middle with her arms up in the air. “I really love to twirl round,” she says. “When I was a child, my mother wouldn’t let me take ballet classes because of the expense so I always wished I could but now I can at least be the lead dancer.”

As for her favourite part of the night? It has to be the disco, although Pat admits she would love it if there was more variety in what they played. “The dance teachers are great,” she says. “It’s really important that you have good instructors when you first start so everyone can get used to the movements.”

Apart from dancing, Pat also enjoys going on day trips with her friends, although she admits she doesn’t always drink. And she is even considering a holiday abroad next year, something she has never done before. “I’d love to go to Ibiza but we shall see,” she says.

She can’t wait for Strictly Come Dancing to come back and, although she admits her favourite celebrity dancer of all time was Anton Du Beke, this year she has fallen for the charms of Giovanni Pernice who danced with Judy Murray on the show last year. “I think he is very handsome and very talented,” she says.

But what does Pat have to say about those who criticise older people getting out and dancing? “They’re wrong to think that we are not enjoying it and that we don’t know what we are doing,” she says. “We have been together for so long now, we’ve got to know each other really well. We have a great time.”

Her advice is to get out and make the most of life as soon as you can: “I think it is important that people don’t sit around at home doing nothing,” she says. “You’ve worked your whole life so now you should enjoy yourself. I wish I had got into dancing years ago.”

## 10 things I love about my life in Edinburgh

1. The view from my flat – it’s right above the Queensferry Crossing and I can see everything from the Forth Bridge to Edinburgh Castle
2. My daughter, who lives down the road with my granddaughter – she keeps me busy as well as looking after her mum
3. Getting a taxi home on a Friday night after dancing. It’s always cheaper than trying to drive home!
4. Going to the hairdresser every two weeks for a perm – I don’t like being too curly so it’s just enough to give me a bit of a lift
5. Watching Strictly Come Dancing and having my favourite wine as well as a gin and tonic or three – there is never any drinking on the dance floor though!
6. Having friends over for dinner on a Saturday night when I cook one of my favourite dishes, lamb tagine
7. My car – it’s a Vauxhall Corsa which has a great sound system and I love dancing to the radio in the car as well as driving around with the roof down
8. Going out for dinner and going out to bars – I particularly like The Biscuit Factory on the Royal Mile but I don’t drink much these days, just one or two glasses of wine
9. Having a glass of wine when I go out for Sunday lunch with my friends
10. Watching The Voice and The X Factor as well as Strictly Come Dancing – they always keep me entertained