 men led twice at the Aviva Stadium against Leinster in the last eight tie, but saw both efforts wiped out by unspotted foul play from Cian Healy, as Wasps came up short 23-17 after a pulsating battle with the Irish champions.

In an era when video assistants have made their presence felt on the global football landscape, and have become an integral part of the game’s fabric at international level for years, the absence of such technology at this crucial stage of Europe’s leading club rugby competition was conspicuous to say the least.

It was not just that Healy escaped punishment, it was that he was only cautioned by referee John Lacey when replaying the incident showed he had made a clear and deliberate attempt to gouge his opponent Ashley Johnson in the eye with his thumb. A sin-binning was an obvious call for such brazen cheating and would have tilted the game on its axis, but the match official failed to spot it.

As Johnson, who was forced off as a result of the incident, put it: “I felt his thumb in my eye. I didn’t think too much about it at the time because I thought it might be a shoulder or something like that.” Wasps forwards coach Matt Taylor also confirmed he had spoken to Lacey on the field and the referee had admitted Healy was lucky not to receive red.

Johnson added: “The referee came up to me after the game and said the same thing. I don’t know what they can do about that, but it’s a disgrace.”

Healy’s antics, which were spotted on Sky Sports replays by a viewer watching in England, should not detract from what was a superb contest between two clubs at the very top of their game. Wasps led twice, both times through Nathan Hughes tries and with James Haskell’s early yellow card, it was a big ask to repeat that feat with 14 men.

Leinster had to wait until half-time before taking control as Johnny Sexton’s boot gradually eroded the visitors lead. They were given an added boost when Healy’s elbow saw Johnson sent off just after the break, but this was a Wasps outfit which showed no signs of surrender.

Gaby Lovobalavu, another replacement, levelled the scores with his first touch as Leinster’s discipline began to break down. Sexton’s penalty re-established their lead and when a second yellow saw Gaskell sent packing for a deliberate knock on with 10 minutes remaining, it seemed all over bar the shouting, but Wasps were not finished yet.

As they did throughout, they continued to carry ball in to Leinster territory where Jimmy Gopperth kept them within striking distance with two late penalties. When replacement Jack Willis picked up a loose ball from another Sexton penalty and fed his inside man Elliot Daly, Wasps had one last chance.

The England full-back, who was outstanding throughout, looked to have set himself for the final pass of the game when he burst through a gaping hole in the Leinster defence, but the opportunity to tie it up with a try was not to be as he lost possession and Leinster held on.