former as Jose Mourinho's side beat Arsenal 2-0 in the FA Cup final on Saturday (21 May) to seal a domestic double.

Carragher feels Terry is still performing at an extremely high level despite approaching his 35th birthday and feels the Blues skipper will be a big loss when he eventually calls it quits, with his contract due to expire in June 2016.

"I think he's the best defender who has played in the Premier League," Carragher told Sky Sports after Saturday's FA Cup final. "It is the biggest league in the world and you are talking about players like Rio Ferdinand and Nemanja Vidic, but John Terry has been a constant at the top for 15 years."

The former Liverpool defender added that Terry's qualities as a captain and leader are unrivalled by anyone else and is unsure who could possibly replace him when he eventually decides to hang up his boots. "He's been a great captain," he said. "I don't know what you can say about John Terry that hasn't already been said, but I would put him up there with the best captains this league has seen."

Carragher was joined by his fellow former Liverpool defender Mark Lawrenson on Sky Sports and the pair were full of praise for Chelsea's impressive display in Saturday's final at Wembley Stadium. Terry's performance, alongside summer signing Kurt Zouma, saw the Blues keep another clean sheet to take their tally to 13 this season, with only Manchester United boasting a better record with 20.

Carragher added that Mourinho has found the right balance between having an attacking and defensive-minded team. "He's got the balance right," he said. "They are more attack minded than last season but it is not as if they have changed dramatically, they have just tweaked things a bit."

"He [Mourinho] has bought good players in this year, like Cesc Fabregas and Diego Costa," Lawrenson added. "Those two lads, along with Oscar, are the key players to Chelsea's season. I don't think they would have won as much as they have if those three lads were not here."