

Aurora's first two police officers on the scene testified for more than five hours during James Holmes' trial about the moments they entered the darkened theater after reports of gunfire and explosions. They found 30 to 40 people - many covered in blood, some barely breathing, one woman already dead.

They were greeted by an odd assortment of sounds: a deafening siren from an emergency exit; the ringing sound of someone's cellphone; and the sickening stench of ammonia from tear gas canisters thrown in the theater as people fled.

"I looked to my left, and I could see one woman's head on the floor," Aurora police officer Jason Oviatt testified. "She had no pulse."

Oviatt said he started administering CPR but she was already dead. The first officer to arrive at the theater, he said he saw blood everywhere, from the hallway, to the lobby, and all the way into Theater 9.

"I had never seen anything like that before," Oviatt testified.

Holmes is charged with killing 12 people and attempting to kill 70 others inside the Aurora theater during a midnight premiere of "The Dark Knight Rises" on July 20, 2012. The 27-year-old former neuroscience graduate student has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity.

Holmes has said he was in a psychotic episode when he opened fire with an assault rifle, shotgun and pistols. He was arrested in the parking lot minutes after the attack wearing body armor and carrying tear gas canisters. His attorneys acknowledge that Holmes committed the crimes but are trying to convince jurors that he should be found not guilty by reason of insanity.

Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty, arguing Holmes premeditated his attack on the crowd of more than 400 people and planned it for months.

Holmes' attorneys have accused prosecutors of using inaccurate or misleading statements about him during the trial so far, including testimony last week that Holmes had bought a gas mask to use as part of his attack. On Wednesday, defense attorneys also raised questions about whether police had found one of the guns used by Holmes when they searched the theater after the attack.

Oviatt said he didn't find any gun near the first body he saw inside Theater 9, but it could have been there and then removed by another officer.