ness’ “House of Fun”, still with the glowing embers of the 2012 Champions League trophy still warming his hands, Ancelotti had decided that he would not stay for a third year at Real Madrid. He said it then and there: I am going to leave this club.

There is an argument that says a football manager should only be judged on results; the numbers don’t lie after all. But perhaps it can be argued, if anything, that Ancelotti has been judged too harshly for the failure to win LaLiga last season. Perhaps it was too much to ask of him and his squad, given how successful they were in Europe and the Copa del Rey. Perhaps they deserved a little more credit for their exploits, particularly when compared to that of the team which had won two back-to-back titles beforehand.

Ancelotti arrived at the Santiago Bernabéu in 2013 having already enjoyed success at AC Milan and Chelsea, but he knew full well that his task in Madrid would not be easy. He was replacing José Mourinho who had lifted the club’s tenth Champions League trophy, and as the man himself once said: “When you are a big club like Real, if you do not win something every year they will kill you.”

And yet despite winning LaLiga in 2014/15, Mourinho had already felt that he had reached the end of his time at Madrid before the season was over. The pressure on him increased even more when he failed to secure a tenth European title, losing in the semi-finals to rivals Barcelona. It’s the Champions League which is the most important trophy for Real Madrid, and without it Mourinho felt that he had failed – his team failed – so after three years he left.

The club needed a new man to take them forward and Ancelotti was chosen. He arrived with a solid reputation and a wealth of experience; he had won the league in Milan twice during his five-year reign, while also winning a Champions League and a UEFA Cup. His Chelsea side had won the Premier League in 2010 – it is a fact often forgotten given their recent dominance under Mourinho, but Ancelotti was the last Italian to win England’s top division.

At 54 years of age, Ancelotti was well respected as one of the best tacticians of his generation and he seemed like the perfect choice for Real Madrid, who were about to enter a new era with the club in transition; Cristiano Ronaldo had been at the club since 2009, but this would be his fifth season in the Spanish capital. Gareth Bale had joined from Tottenham and it was thought he could be the man to take over from Ronaldo when he eventually left.

But Ancelotti’s first year as manager did not go exactly as planned. It was a difficult campaign for the Italian, and even after winning LaLiga he knew that he had to do better in Europe if he wanted to remain at the club. The Champions League exit at the hands of Borussia Dortmund in the quarter-finals was not the end of the world, but it did mean that Real Madrid would once again go through another managerial change after a relatively successful season.

“I’ve had two years as coach and I think it’s enough,” said Ancelotti after his side’s 3-1 loss to Barça in the Copa del Rey final, just four months earlier. “Two titles are not bad, but I want more.” And so he left the Bernabéu with his head held high, having secured two trophies and made it to a Champions League final after a turbulent first season. But perhaps what was most impressive was how he dealt with his failure in Europe; Ancelotti did not let his side’s loss define them as much as Mourinho had done before him.

The team were in good spirits at the start of 2014/15 and it looked like they could be serious contenders for both LaLiga and the Champions League. But then a string of injuries to key players saw their form dip, and eventually they lost ground on Barcelona who ran away with the league title.

It’s true that Ancelotti did not get the best out of his squad during this time – there were times when he looked like he had lost his mojo. But it was also clear that his team were still good enough to win in Europe; they were the first Spanish side ever to come back from a 3-0 deficit in the Champions League against Paris Saint-Germain. It was a feat which Mourinho’s side could never have achieved.

But despite their success in Europe and LaLiga, there was still an air of disappointment about Madrid at the end of last season. The team had not met their own expectations and the fans were disappointed that they hadn’t won the title again – even if it would be unfair to say they didn’t deserve it this time round.

“I feel like we should have been champions,” said Ronaldo after his side lost 2-0 at home against Barcelona in April 2015. “We had a very good season but didn’t win anything. We played well but couldn’t get the result.” He may be right, but Madrid did win something last year; they secured their tenth European title with victory over Juventus in Berlin – even if it was only by virtue of Ronaldo’s late free-kick – and that is something Ancelotti will always have to his name.

And so as he leaves Real Madrid, Ancelotti can hold his head high knowing that he has achieved what many thought impossible during his time at the Bernabéu; winning both LaLiga and the Champions League with one of football’s biggest clubs in two years is no mean feat. It was a difficult period for him, but he overcame it with class and dignity – something which cannot be said about Mourinho before him.

He may not have done as well as some would have liked during his time at Real Madrid, but Ancelotti will always be remembered as one of the greatest managers in football history because he was able to achieve what few thought possible by winning two titles with Los Blancos in two years – even if they weren’t back-to-back.

Ancelotti leaves the club with his head held high and with the knowledge that he has done a good job; he won LaLiga, and then the Champions League in his second year – a feat which is not as easy to achieve as it may sound. It was a difficult time for him, but he overcame it with class and dignity – something which cannot be said about Mourinho before him. He may not have done as well as some would have liked during his time at Real Madrid, but Ancelotti will always be remembered as one of the greatest managers in football history because he was able to achieve what few thought possible by winning two titles with Los Blancos in two years – even if they weren’t back-to-back.