Ased Policing and the Million Hoodie March, which commemorates Trayvon Martin’s death last year. Police officers with batons were seen breaking up the crowd with force. We speak to filmmaker Spike Lee, who is in New York covering the protests.

##### Transcript

JUAN GONZÁLEZ: At least 34 people were arrested Tuesday night after hundreds of protesters gathered in New York City to march against police brutality. The march was organized by National Actions to Stop Murder Based Policing and the Million Hoodie March, which commemorates Trayvon Martin’s death last year.

On Monday evening, more than 100 people were arrested in New York City at a protest against stop-and-frisk policies and police brutality. That march was organized by the Stop Mass Incarceration Network.

AMY GOODMAN: The mayor of New York has come under fire after the release of the grand jury decision to clear George Zimmerman in the shooting death of unarmed African American teenager Trayvon Martin last year, with calls for police reform in Newark and across the country. In a statement on Monday, Newark Mayor Cory Booker wrote, quote, “In light of the recent verdict in Florida, it has become clear that more needs to be done to rebuild trust between our communities and law enforcement.”

Meanwhile, a report released by The Guardian newspaper found more than 400 people were killed last year by police in the United States. That’s an average of three each week, which is one person every eight hours. And that’s not counting those who have died as a result of being stopped and frisked.

For more on this story, we are joined by filmmaker Spike Lee, who has been covering the protests in New York City.

Welcome to Democracy Now!, Spike. Your reaction right now? And can you tell us about what’s happening around you? You’re at 42nd and Seventh Avenue right now. What are you seeing?

SPIKE LEE: I just saw—and I was—I couldn’t believe it. I mean, there’s no reason to be violent with people. They were arresting two young men here on the corner, but they had their hands up in the air. And I was standing right by them. And then the police started hitting these young men, and I said, “No.” The crowd that was gathered around, we all said, “No. No.” And the young men were, you know, handcuffed. But as they walked them away—I’m getting emotional—as they walked them away, the young men were chanting, “We got no weapons. We got no weapons. Please don’t shoot us.” It’s crazy. It is crazy.

JUAN GONZÁLEZ: Well, Spike, I wanted to ask you about—you’ve been covering this for the last couple of days now in New York, and the issue of stop-and-frisk. What have your impressions been? And could you also talk about—could you respond to some of the points made by former Mayor Rudy Giuliani and other critics who say that stop-and-frisk has been an effective policy against crime in New York City over the last two decades?

SPIKE LEE: Well, I mean, it’s always complicated, because it is a situation where there are some African-American officers who—I think the majority of police officers are not racist. But when you look at the statistics that come from this program, and if you stop and frisk somebody who looks like me, even though you find nothing on them, they will always be in the back of their mind, “When I see a cop, I’m going to run away.” Or if there are cops around and some type of incident happens, then people say—well, they don’t know if they were witnesses or perpetrators. It’s a complicated situation, but I think stop-and-frisk has to end.

JUAN GONZÁLEZ: And how about the fact that there was this whole campaign of misinformation by some of these police officers? When you had former Commissioner Ray Kelly and others saying, “We have reduced crime in New York City through stop-and-frisk”—we just had a report last week from the Vera Institute, which said that there’s been no real impact on reducing crime in New York City.

SPIKE LEE: Well, I mean, I think we—I agree with what you say. But I also know that there are police officers who believe stop-and-frisk is a good program. They think it keeps them safe and the people they’re policing. So I don’t want to be naive or foolish enough to make the statement that everyone in law enforcement, you know, thinks it should be stopped.

AMY GOODMAN: Spike Lee, we have a clip of a young man who was arrested in New York City last night and what he had to say to the media before he was taken off—I believe it’s off the airwaves right now. This is 15-year-old Kareem Clarke.

> KAREEM CLARKE: I mean, this is the third time they arrested me for no reason. It’s because of my color. It’s not just because I’m black, but it’s also because I’m young. It’s also because they can’t catch any grownups, so they have to go after kids like us. They’re trying to terrorize us.

AMY GOODMAN: That was 15-year-old Kareem Clarke, who had just been arrested by police in New York City and was talking about why he thinks they arrested him. Spike Lee, what are your thoughts?

SPIKE LEE: I mean, it’s sad that we have to deal with this type of thing—you know, having a 15-year-old talking about this stuff. It’s sad, because when you’re in your twenties and thirties, you’re not even thinking about something like this happening to you. And now you got young teenagers going through these things.

The original content of this program is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-No Derivative Works 3.0 United States License. Please attribute legal copies of this work to democracynow.org. Some of the work(s) that this program incorporates, however, may be separately licensed. For further information or additional permissions, contact us.