31-year-old stuntman who performs incredible jumps in his back yard in Harlem, New York.

This time round, he decided to challenge himself further by jumping over a car that was being driven at speed towards him. His friend and camera man, Kareem Black, captured the moment on film.

As Alassan watched the car approach, his heart raced. He said: “I felt like my stomach dropped. I couldn’t think of anything else except to make sure my jump was perfect. I just knew it would be.”

Alassan leapt over a car driving towards him at 60mph

> I wanted to do something that no one has ever done before. Something so big, that if you told someone, they wouldn’t believe it happened until they saw the video

The stunt was planned to be a surprise for his friend’s birthday – Alassan said: “I wanted to do something that no one has ever done before. Something so big, that if you told someone, they wouldn’t believe it happened until they saw the video.”

He added: “It was such an adrenaline rush. I felt like my heart was going to explode out of my chest. This is what I love doing more than anything else in this world.”

His friend Kareem, who drove the vehicle towards his friend, said: “When Al asked me about doing this jump, I didn’t hesitate for a second. This guy has so much faith and confidence in me that he would never ask if I can do it or not. He always says ‘you got it bro.’”

Alassan said his biggest challenge was learning how to land properly

However the 27-year old had one fear: “I thought about how this would be the last jump Al ever did, and then he died. But I also knew that if he could survive all these other jumps, then there’s no way he couldn’t make it through this one.”

Kareem continued: “If someone told me they were going to drive a car towards you, at full speed, for you to jump over I would say ‘no thank you!’ But if Alassan asked me, I wouldn’t think twice about it. He’s my best friend and I have the utmost confidence in him.”

The pair have been friends for four years

Alassan added: “My biggest challenge is learning how to land properly – that’s when you can really hurt yourself. If you don’t stick the landing, there are consequences.”

He also admitted he has a few more tricks up his sleeve: “I am planning some crazy things in the next couple of months so stay tuned!”