’s blood cancer-fighting capabilities has been unveiled. Scientists say the treatment, which is designed to ‘reboot’ the immune system, could be used for a range of different cancers and help those who have failed all other treatments. The trial involved 29 people with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia (CLL) – a common form of blood cancer that affects more than 7,500 Britons every year. Of these, 15 were in remission following treatment with chemotherapy, but later experienced the cancer returning.

The others had never been given any other therapy for their illness. Early tests carried out on cancer cells (like the one pictured) have shown survival rates in mice were boosted by more than 50 per cent compared to standard treatments – and a similar effect was seen in patients. The new treatment involves removing patients’ blood, adding an antibody, called anti-CD19, which targets B-cells (a type of white blood cell) to the sample before giving it back.

Around 80 per cent of leukaemia and lymphoma tumours are driven by cancerous B-cells so removing these has been shown to boost survival in animal studies. Scientists at the University of Cambridge believe this is because when you remove B-cells from a patient’s blood, they release small proteins called cytokines that stimulate other white cells to attack cancer cells. In some cases, patients can go into remission for up to a year and a half after treatment with the new technique.

‘What we have found is a way of boosting this response,’ said study author Dr James Parslow from the Wellcome Trust-MRC Stem Cell Institute at Cambridge University. ‘This is the first time that the full effect of this therapy has been described and it shows us that it should be possible to treat people with these diseases.’

The technique works by adding antibodies (circled) that target the B-cells, which are responsible for driving most blood cancers. This is then injected into a patient’s body and the B-cells are removed from their blood. The antibodies (red) stick to B-cells (blue), making them easier to find and remove

The researchers found that the amount of B-cells in patients’ blood fell dramatically after treatment, which allowed scientists to analyse the effects of this ‘rebooting’. Patients saw a boost to the number of different types of white blood cell, including killer T-cells – cells that fight off viruses and bacteria. These were found at five times their normal levels in patients’ blood within a week of receiving treatment.

It is hoped that these cells will continue to be produced, even after the treatment has finished, which could boost cancer-fighting capabilities. The team believe this technique could eventually be used for treating other types of cancers that are driven by B-cells – including chronic lymphocytic leukaemia (CLL).

The researchers found that the amount of B-cells in patients’ blood fell dramatically after treatment, which allowed scientists to analyse the effects of this ‘rebooting’. Patients saw a boost to the number of different types of white blood cell, including killer T-cells – cells that fight off viruses and bacteria. These were found at five times their normal levels in patients’ blood within a week of receiving treatment

This is because it is likely that these cells can also drive other types of cancer, such as ovarian cancer and multiple myeloma.

But the scientists are hopeful they could develop similar techniques for these diseases. ‘What we have found is a way to boost this response which should be possible to treat people with these diseases,’ Dr Parslow said. The researchers now hope to extend their studies by working on patients who do not respond to standard chemotherapy treatments.

‘This is very early days and there are many questions we need to answer before we can get to the point of offering this treatment routinely in the clinic,’ Dr Parslow added. ‘However, I believe that if this approach proves successful then it may have widespread benefit for patients with a broad range of conditions.’