― captured by a bystander ― showed him firing eight times at Walter Scott as he ran away, according to CNN affiliate WCBD.

Scott’s family described the killing as “cold-blooded.”

“No man or woman should be afraid to run,” said Scott’s brother Anthony, in a tearful plea for justice outside a press conference Wednesday morning. “We shouldn’t have to go out and protest because a man was wrongfully murdered.”

Here are four ways police killings in America — which disproportionately affect black people — have led to protests over the past two years:

The killing of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin on Feb. 26, 2012, by a neighborhood watch volunteer ignited a firestorm of outrage and sparked one of the first national conversations about police violence against unarmed black men in recent history. The killing was ruled justifiable homicide by local prosecutors, but Martin’s death eventually led to a civil rights investigation by the U.S. Justice Department that resulted in criminal charges for George Zimmerman — a rare case in which a police officer was held accountable for killing someone while on duty.

The 2014 killings of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, and Eric Garner in New York City sparked a series of national protests that galvanized the Black Lives Matter movement, which has since taken center stage in the fight against police violence. Brown, an unarmed black man, was shot dead by Officer Darren Wilson on Aug. 9. The grand jury decision to not indict Wilson for the shooting touched off weeks of protests across the country and reignited calls for police reform. On Dec. 31, Garner died after being placed in a chokehold by police officer Daniel Pantaleo on Staten Island. The officer was suspended and the case was handed over to the Justice Department.

On Jan. 9, Cleveland, Ohio, police officer Timothy Loehmann shot Tamir Rice dead in a playground while responding to a call about a man with what turned out to be a toy gun. Police initially claimed that officers fired after being told Rice had “pointed his weapon” at them, but a bystander video contradicted the account. Rice’s family has sued the city for wrongful death.

The killing of Freddie Gray in Baltimore on April 12 has led to outrage and protests across the country over the past week. Gray was arrested after fleeing officers while in possession of a knife, but died about a week later from severe spinal injuries. Six officers involved in his arrest have been suspended; one officer has been charged with second-degree murder, three other officers with involuntary manslaughter and the others with misconduct.

But there’s also a racial component to how police killings are covered — both by the media and on social media. Studies show that blacks who are killed by police receive less attention than whites who are killed by police, and black Americans who are killed by police receive 50 percent less attention than those who are killed by civilians. Black Americans who are killed by police also receive 50 percent less attention than whites who are killed by police.