

Harding, who lives at a care home in New Milton, was overjoyed to hear the boys had been sent his way and was honoured to share tales from his time serving as a Royal Navy gunner aboard HMS Indefatigable during the second world war.

The children's grandfather, Nigel Cummings, told the Daily Echo that it was their mutual love of the sea and naval history which had sparked the friendship.

He said: “They live near my house, I see them every day, we got talking and it turned out they were really interested in military history so I put two and two together and suggested they meet Bob.”

Robert Harding (centre) with his new best friends, 10-year-olds Charlie Cummings (left) and his brother Harry. Photo by Nigel Cummings.

The youngsters were “fascinated” when Mr Harding shared stories of the ship being hit by a German torpedo in the Solent on September 20, 1939.

Able Seaman Robert was one of only eight sailors to survive out of the 975 aboard HMS Indefatigable at the time of the attack.

The ship went down and all but four of the crew perished in the explosion.

Mr Cummings said: “I was surprised when we found out he had been on the same ship. I thought that was a coincidence.”

As the boys listened intently, they could not believe their ears when Mr Harding recounted how a 13-year-old boy was also aboard at the time of the attack.

Mr Cummings said: “It was amazing to hear about this boy who had been on the ship and was only 13.”

The boys were equally enthralled when they found out Mr Harding’s brother, William, was also serving on the ship during the attack.

Mr Cummings said: “He [Charlie] could not believe that his first two questions had been answered.”

Mr Cummings took the youngsters to visit the care home as a treat for Mr Harding on February 5.

The children presented him with a toy submarine and an inscribed picture of HMS Indefatigable.

Mr Cummings said: “Charlie was very happy to get it [the present] as he had been given some money from his grandparents.”

Mr Harding said the boys were both “lovely” and that it was an absolute pleasure to meet them.

He said: “It was fantastic to see them and have a chat with them about my experiences during the war, I really enjoyed it.”