al is struggling with guilt after losing both legs in 2007. She tells GEORGINA JAMES

> Hannah Campbell was working as a military medic in Iraq when she heard a loud bang and felt excruciating pain in her chest.
>
> It took 15 seconds for the full impact of what had happened to sink in, but when it did she realised something terrible had just happened to her. She looked down at her body and saw that her legs had gone.

In a flash, Hannah Campbell’s dream life turned into an impossible nightmare. A former Army corporal who was once fitter than most people three times her age, Hannah suddenly found herself living in a wheelchair, needing 24-hour care from her husband, Darren.

After enduring months of painful hospital procedures to try and save her legs, the medics finally had to admit defeat and amputate them. And it was only when she came round from her anaesthetic that Hannah learned that not only did she now have prosthetics, but she would be unable to ever conceive a child naturally.

The shrapnel from a landmine explosion had ripped through her stomach and damaged her womb and ovaries beyond repair.

> “I couldn’t understand why I was still alive,” says Hannah.

“It was like I’d been given the worst possible sentence in prison. My life as I knew it was over.”

In a bid to keep her spirits up, friends of the then 23-year-old jokingly asked if she would still be able to have children now that she had lost both legs.

> “I just thought, ‘Oh God, don’t be so silly’, but inside I was thinking it might not be possible after all,” says Hannah.
>
> “It was a huge blow, as having children was always something I wanted. I couldn’t believe that at 23 my life had been shattered and the one thing I really wanted out of it wasn’t going to be possible.”

Hannah lost both her legs in an explosion while serving in Iraq

For Hannah, whose career with the Royal Army Medical Corps began as soon as she left school, losing her legs was just the beginning. After years of treatment and rehabilitation, during which time she has also been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), she was finally declared medically fit to leave the forces.

But the dream job she had once longed for wasn’t enough any more. All Hannah could think about was having a child of her own and being a mum like all her friends.

So with Darren by her side, Hannah began her quest to conceive, even if it meant having to turn to IVF in the end.

> “I couldn’t wait to have children,” says Hannah. “But I was told that it would be very hard because of all the damage done when my legs were blown off.”
>
> She added: “It didn’t help that people would say things like, ‘How can you have a baby if you don’t even have legs?’, or, ‘I bet your husband doesn’t want kids now’.
>
> “It was always very negative and it did hurt. But Darren was incredible, he never once doubted me and we both believed that one day we would have a family.”

Hannah in 2013 with her then-unborn daughter, Lexi-River

After going for counselling together and undergoing IVF treatment, Hannah fell pregnant.

> “I remember feeling so happy but also really frightened,” she says.
>
> “What if I lost the baby like they said I might? What if it was a girl like I wanted and she couldn’t walk? But my husband Darren just held me tight and told me we would get through whatever happened.”

In June 2013, their daughter Lexi-River arrived into the world weighing just over six pounds. After her birth at Peterborough Hospital, Hannah and Darren were able to take their baby daughter home for the first time as a family. But it wasn’t long before they noticed something was wrong with Lexi-River, who seemed to be struggling to do basic things like sitting up unaided.

Hannah and Darren’s world crumbled when they were told that she had Down syndrome

> “We just didn’t know what to do,” says Hannah. “We didn’t even know what it was at first, but as soon as they mentioned the word ‘syndrome’, we knew that something serious must be wrong with our baby.
>
> “It was like someone had punched me in the stomach. We went into shock, and then I just started crying.”

After a battery of tests to check her developmental progress, Lexi-River was diagnosed with Down syndrome at just seven months old. Hannah says: “I felt like my world had ended all over again. All I kept thinking was, ‘Why me? Why us?'”

Hannah and Darren were determined that nothing would stop them from being great parents to their little girl

> “But then we looked at Lexi-River and we just fell in love with her,” says Hannah. “There was something about her that made you feel happy, she was our perfect little girl. It wasn’t until later that I realised how lucky I was to have been given the chance to be a mum, no matter what.”
>
> “I knew then that I didn’t want any more children, as there was too much risk involved. Lexi-River needed all my attention and I wanted to give her everything. So we decided not to try again.”

Despite the heartbreak of finding out about her daughter’s condition, Hannah and Darren were determined that nothing would stop them from being great parents to their little girl. They went on courses and learned sign language so they could communicate with Lexi-River before she could talk, as well as doing everything they could to support her education at school.

Hannah says: “We got through it, we just carried on and didn’t give up. The doctors said that having Down syndrome would make Lexi-River developmentally delayed and she might never walk or talk. But she has proved them wrong in every way.”

Lexi-River was able to take her first steps unaided at the age of two, something that Hannah had feared she would never do.

> “She walked into our bedroom one morning and said, ‘Look what I can do’, and it was like Christmas come early,” says Hannah. “Seeing her take those first few tentative steps was one of the most wonderful moments of my life.”

Hannah and Darren are so proud that Lexi-River is thriving

Now four years old, Lexi-River can also talk like any other child her age and is well on her way to catching up with all her peers in school.

> “She’s brilliant, she’s just amazing,” says Hannah. “We couldn’t be prouder of what she has achieved.”

Hannah believes that her own life experiences have made her a better parent to Lexi-River, because she knows what it is like to overcome obstacles and get through difficult situations. She added:

> “Losing my legs was the best thing that ever happened to me. I know how precious life is and I try to live every day to the full. Because of this, I don’t let things get in the way of being happy.
>
> “I have Down syndrome. I have a wife who has lost both her legs. But she doesn’t let that stop her from doing amazing things,” says Darren proudly.

As they approach their daughter’s fifth birthday, Hannah and Darren are looking forward to the future and watching Lexi-River continue to flourish.

Hannah has set up a Facebook page where she posts videos of Lexi-River singing along to nursery rhymes and having fun playing with toys. And after seeing so many positive comments from other people who have been moved by her daughter’s story, Hannah is thinking about using it as a way to raise money for charity.

> “I want to give something back,” says Hannah. “She has touched the hearts of so many people and I want to make sure that it continues. So I will be donating a percentage of everything I earn from my business to help other children with Down syndrome.”

To follow Lexi-River’s progress or to support Hannah, go to facebook.com/lexiriverhannah