­Rovers’ resistance and send his side on their way to Wembley, where they will face Everton in the semi-final on April 30.

“I’ve been here a few years now,” Henderson said. “This is the first time I’ve really tasted success in an FA Cup run and it’s a great feeling to get through. We have played some good football, we got the goal at a good time and we are pleased with the result.”

It was an ­emotional evening for Henderson as he marked his 200th appearance for the club and scored the first of two goals in Liverpool’s 3-1 victory over Blackburn. It is the most number of matches any player has made since Steve Heighway reached that landmark in 1977, but Henderson felt it was a night to forget his individual success.

He said: “It’s nice to get that [200th appearance]. Obviously, when I first came here you would never think you were going to make that many appearances and play for this great club. It means a lot to me but I am disappointed with the performance.”

Brendan Rodgers hailed Liverpool’s progress in the FA Cup after seeing his side beat Blackburn 3-1 last night to reach the semi-finals. Goals from Jordan Henderson and Philippe Coutinho, with two of his own, secured a comfortable victory over the Championship club at Anfield to leave them just one game away from Wembley.

“It is pleasing for me in terms of where we are going,” Rodgers said. “I was here before when it wasn’t a successful time and now we have an opportunity to get into a cup final.”

The manager made eight changes to the side that had drawn with Newcastle at the weekend, but even without their regular front line, Liverpool still produced some excellent football as they dominated for large periods of this game. Henderson gave his team the lead midway through the first half before Coutinho converted a second-half penalty and completed the scoring from 20 yards in added time.

Rodgers felt the victory was ­deserved and he said: “It is the fourth round and you would always expect a team like Blackburn to come here and try to frustrate us, but we played with real quality.”

Blackburn, who had won only once away from home this season in the Championship, were hoping to cause an upset after scoring late goals against both ­Manchester United and Everton in their previous two visits to Anfield. They kept Liverpool at bay for the opening half-hour before Henderson broke the deadlock with a stunning strike into the top corner.

Rodgers made a number of changes to the side that drew with Newcastle United on Saturday, but still had enough quality and composure in midfield to break down a resilient Blackburn. Henderson’s goal came just before the half-hour mark when he hit a dipping, swerving shot from 25 yards out into the top corner.

Blackburn managed to keep it goalless until half-time, but it was always going to be difficult for them once they fell behind against such a talented side and their hopes were finally ended when Coutinho won a penalty midway through the second half. He calmly rolled home the spot kick before adding Liverpool’s third in stoppage time, sealing what Rodgers felt had been an impressive display.