, with the artist set to be put to death by Indonesian firing squad later this month if his appeals fail.
In a blog post published on Thursday, Chan's mother Janet wrote of her grief and anguish at not being able to say goodbye to her son before he is killed.  “I can't express the pain I feel,” she wrote.   “My beautiful boy has been sentenced to death by firing squad by a government I have trusted for many years and that I believed upheld the basic human rights of freedom and equality."
In one of his final interviews, Sukumaran told 60 Minutes Australia’s Tara Brown: “I feel like it's a bit ironic because they say that justice is blind but it seems to me that it was actually looking at what I wanted to do for the rest of my life and saying no.”
A few days before his execution, he spoke to his mother Rhonda, who said her son had come to terms with his fate. "I just told him to have faith in God and that I'll be there when I can," she said.
The last time Sukumaran saw his mum was during a visit at the Kerobokan jail on Java island in February, while Chan last saw his mother in December.
"His eyes are black with grief but he is calm and strong," Rhonda wrote after that meeting. "He says this time in Kerobokan has been like being in prison in Australia - nothing changes for him."
In 2014, Sukumaran was told his appeal had failed. He posted a heartbreaking photo of himself with his head bowed on the eve of the ruling.
"If they have to do this I want to go in peace," he said. "I don't want to fight it anymore."
The day before, Chan wrote a letter to then prime minister Tony Abbott asking for his life to be spared.
"As a human being you have a heart and I am appealing to your heart Mr Abbot," he wrote. "If I were a threat to the people of Australia I would not be sitting in prison on death row."
Afterwards, Chan penned a moving letter to his mother, thanking her for her love and strength during their time apart.
"I am sorry that you have had to suffer for so long," he wrote. "You are my world and I will always hold you close in my heart."
Chan's wife and young daughter also penned a letter to Abbott, asking him to spare Chan's life.
In 2015, the Australian government led an international campaign to save the pair, but their pleas were ignored by the Indonesian government who said they must be put to death for carrying out "the most serious crime in Indonesia" - smuggling drugs.
After receiving confirmation that his request had been denied, Chan wrote one final letter to his mother.  "My love will never stop," he wrote. "It is something that is stronger than life or death."