

The French outfit’s Brazilian contingent was found wanting by a Catalan side which can call upon one of the most impressive Brazilian exports in recent years, with Neymar’s 93rd-minute winner sending Barca through to the last four and giving them an opportunity to add the Champions League trophy to their La Liga crown.

The first leg finished 2-2 but Barca were more comfortable over two legs than they had been in the last 16 tie with Milan, despite the Italians being second best throughout the 90 minutes at the Nou Camp and then managing a much improved display back in Italy.

PSG certainly looked the part in that opening encounter but there was to be no repeat of their exploits in front of goal when it mattered most as Edinson Cavani’s first-half opener proved in vain, with Luis Suarez and Neymar replying.

David Luiz had already been booked before the latter made the difference, and his late red card was an indication of a team who were at the end of their tether and unable to respond as they needed to.

It had looked as though PSG would take the lead early on in this second leg when Cavani pounced on a defensive error from Carles Puyol but saw his goal-bound effort brilliantly cleared off the line by Jordi Alba.

The hosts could not take advantage of that let-off and they were made to pay when Cavani scored against the run of play, latching onto Maxwell’s pass on the edge of the area before slotting past Victor Valdes to open the scoring after 21 minutes.

PSG did not have it all their own way after that, though, with Barca enjoying the better of things in terms of possession and chances, even if they were unable to produce the killer blow to draw level on aggregate before half-time.

Andres Iniesta was forced off at the break and that is never a good sign for the hosts but it was PSG who began the second half looking more threatening on the attack and Cavani should have done better when he managed to find himself through on goal after 57 minutes, with Valdes saving.

But Barca were to enjoy the majority of possession and they got themselves level in the tie when Suarez scored against his former side after being set up by Neymar following a quick counter-attack from Dani Alves’ corner.

The two Brazilians combined again with six minutes remaining as PSG were forced to chase the game, with Neymar teeing up Suarez on the edge of the box and the Uruguayan’s effort was turned in by David Luiz for an own goal.

Barcelona were now looking more likely to add a third, which could have been ruled out had Cavani scored with an 88th-minute header but PSG did not look like scoring again, especially after Neymar made it 3-1 when he was played in by Lionel Messi before turning David Luiz inside out and firing home.

It was a fitting end to the night for Barca’s Brazilian starlet as his side progressed to face Bayern Munich or Porto, with the Germans having a one-goal advantage to defend ahead of the second leg in Germany next week.

The Catalan giants are certainly showing their strength in depth with a few key players missing and Barca will be looking forward to this weekend’s El Classico clash against Real Madrid knowing that they have now secured another Champions League semi-final appearance for a club record 12th year in succession.