 safe now speaking out boldly against Donald Trump. It’s an uprising from all quarters: from people like me, who used to be called “liberals,” to those who have never been part of any movement before.

We are being drawn together by the fact that we all believe in a fundamental American promise, that our country should stand for fairness and opportunity for everyone, not just the wealthy or well-connected. We don’t want to make America great again — we want to make it greater than it has been. And we want a government that works as hard as we do.

To those who say there is no appetite for such big change, I say look at what’s happening in New York: A liberal state legislator named Cynthia Nixon is challenging Gov. Andrew Cuomo from the left, with a platform calling for single-payer healthcare, an end to cash bail and stronger protections for undocumented immigrants. She’s shaking up the race and has raised over $1 million in her first month as a candidate, without taking a dime from lobbyists or corporate PACs.

A similar revolution is underway in Georgia, where Democrat Stacey Abrams is trying to become the first African-American woman elected governor of any state. She has proposed raising the minimum wage and expanding Medicaid in a state with some of the highest health costs and lowest wages in the country.

These are not the only places where people have had enough. In California, Democratic State Sen. Kevin de León is challenging longtime incumbent Dianne Feinstein for her Senate seat. A new poll from The Los Angeles Times shows De León within a few points of his rival, even though Feinstein is spending tens of millions of dollars on attack ads in an effort to scare off the other side’s voters.

And here in New York, I have thrown my hat into the ring for governor. As you know, Gov. Cuomo and I have been political sparring partners for many years. He is a talented politician who has accomplished some remarkable things — but he also presides over a state where health care costs are rising faster than income, the wealth gap between the rich and everyone else is growing wider, and nearly a third of our residents still live in poverty.

We need an alternative to the way things have been done, because they aren’t working for most New Yorkers. That is why I am running: To give voters an option other than Cuomo or Trump. But we will need your help — not just on Election Day, but long before then. You can follow me and my campaign online at https://cynthiafornewyork.com/ and www.twitter.com/CynthiaNixon