REEDOM OF INFORMATION REQUEST has revealed.

The news will be a blow to the women’s own hopes and aspirations to serve, but also to the Navy itself which is already struggling with a shortage of sailors and a huge recruitment headache.

In fact, the number of women who have been removed from ships since 2012, because they became pregnant, has soared in recent years.

According to figures obtained under Freedom of Information laws by the BBC:

• HMS Ocean had five pregnant women removed during last nine years

• HMS Bulwark had seven medevacs, HMS Ark Royal eight and HMS Illustrious ten

• In 2016 alone, the number of airlifts for pregnancy rose to 19 – up from just one in 2012

The MoD insists it has not broken any rules because all those women were serving on board when they became pregnant.

But the figures will be seen as embarrassing by the Navy at a time when its women are trying to break through barriers and command their own ships for the first time.

According to official MoD records, 27 women have been medevaced from Royal Navy ships during the last nine years because of pregnancy.

But a further six pregnant women were also removed in that period because they had “requested early leave” before becoming eligible to receive pay and benefits as a result of their pregnancy.

The figures show that, in 2016 alone, there were 19 medevacs for pregnancies – the highest number since 2010 when there were 18 cases.

HMS Illustrious (pictured) has been removed from service and is being dismantled, while HMS Ocean is on her last tour and due to be decommissioned in December. The number of airlifts for pregnancy rose to 19 – up from just one in 2012

The Ministry of Defence insists it has not broken any rules because all those women were serving on board when they became pregnant. But the figures will be seen as embarrassing by the Navy at a time when its women are trying to break through barriers and command their own ships for the first time. Pictured: HMS Ark Royal

The figures show that in 2016 there were 19 medevacs for pregnancies – the highest number since 2010 when there were 18 cases. But a further six pregnant women were also removed in that period because they had requested early leave before becoming eligible to receive pay and benefits as a result of their pregnancy. Pictured: HMS Illustrious

In 2016, there was a 57 per cent increase on the previous year – which had seen nine medevacs for pregnancies.

It is not clear what type of ships each woman was serving aboard before she became pregnant or why they were flown off for treatment.

But a Ministry of Defence spokesman told the BBC: "Service women are offered flexible working arrangements to support them throughout pregnancy and after the birth of their baby.

"This includes paid maternity leave, extended post-natal leave and enhanced pay during this period."

The MoD does not say when a woman can become pregnant aboard ship and, because of security restrictions, it is impossible for a sailor to become pregnant without her commander knowing about it – something which will be embarrassing for the Navy.

But if a pregnant woman had been serving on board before she became pregnant then, under the MoD’s rules, she would have to be removed from the ship in question because of safety fears about her health and that of others aboard.

The MoD insists it has not broken any rules because all those women were serving on board when they became pregnant

All the other women – whose names are not revealed by the MoD – will have had to have been airlifted back to Britain during the last nine years to give birth or for treatment.

But, in 2016, the number of medevacs for pregnancy rose to 19 – up from just one in 2012.

A further six pregnant women were also removed in that period because they had “requested early leave” before becoming eligible to receive pay and benefits as a result of their pregnancy.

HMS Illustrious, pictured during her last deployment when she was deployed for Operation Unified Protector over Libya, has been removed from service and is being dismantled

The number of women serving in the Royal Navy is currently around 3,000. But that figure will soon be dwarfed by those in the Army and RAF – which each have more than 15,000 female personnel.

This year, for the first time in its history, the Navy has appointed female officers to command warships.

In September it was announced that Commander Kate Cross would be placed in charge of HMS Mersey – a River Class ship used for anti-terrorism duties on UK waters and in Northern Europe.

While at the same time Lieutenant Commander Sarah West will be given the same role for HMS Magpie, which is based at Portsmouth Naval Base.

In July last year, the Navy appointed its first ever female submarine officer – Lieutenant Caroline Raper. She joined the Navy in 2014 and trained as a navigator before specialising as a submariner.

It had been claimed by some critics that women would find it too difficult to serve underwater because of issues such as claustrophobia or difficulties with personal hygiene – something which has now been disproved.