 thing of the past and he no longer needs to be followed everywhere.

There is also a sense that Griffiths has withdrawn into his shell. In his younger days you couldn’t miss him but now it appears as if he prefers to keep himself to himself, just like anyone else in Edinburgh who wants to make their way quietly without the intrusion of unwanted attention.

It is something of a surprise then, that he should be so prominent today, back at Easter Road where he was once adored for scoring goals but now his arrival has been greeted with a certain amount of trepidation, not least by Hibs fans who are well aware that their rivals will be making the most of any perceived weakness.

He is the Celtic striker after all, the one they have come to depend on when the pressure is on, the man Neil Lennon believes can get them out of every hole. Griffiths has responded to his manager’s faith in him by repaying it with goals and the fact that he will be starting at Hibs today has given Celtic fans cause for optimism ahead of their first Old Firm game since Brendan Rodgers left.

With no Alfredo Morelos or Odsonne Edouard, there is an element of uncertainty about the Rangers attack and they also need a striker to step up because while Nikola Katic and Jermaine Defoe can make up for a lot, there is always the worry that things will break down if there is no one available to help out.

There are times when it feels as if Celtic have been playing without a number nine for most of this season. It has made them more vulnerable and more reliant on individual players such as Ryan Christie and James Forrest who have shown what they can do, but also how much they can go missing.

Griffiths is the only player that Lennon trusts to guarantee goals so it is no surprise he is getting a run in the team and there are those who believe his return will be key to their success over Hibs today.

It is hard to argue with that. Griffiths may not have been at the top of his game against Celtic last month when they drew 1-1, but he still scored a goal from open play and it was enough for them to take something out of the game even though their performance left so much to be desired.

It is hard to think of another striker in Scottish football who has been as influential as Griffiths. His record against Hibs in particular speaks for itself but he is also a player who relishes playing against the big teams and he can rise to the occasion. There is an edge to his game that makes him dangerous.

His ability is well documented, of course, but it is something about the way he approaches things which gives him an extra edge. He is not like other players and there are no signs that he will change just because he plays for Celtic. He has always been a bit different from everyone else in Scottish football and if anything that has only grown since he joined.

A lot of it comes down to his relationship with Lennon which gives him the confidence to be himself. The manager trusts Griffiths completely and knows when he is on form there is no stopping him, so much so that they even had a conversation about his role in the game against Motherwell on Saturday.

“He just said ‘you’re not going to get your hat-trick today but we need you to do this’,” recalled Griffiths. “He just told me what was needed and I knew I would have a bit more space at times because I know the way I play. He gives me confidence every week.”

Lennon has made no secret of his desire to keep him at Celtic next season, but there is also an acceptance that he might want to go elsewhere if they can’t match the money that’s being offered by clubs in China and America. Griffiths remains non-committal when it comes to what lies ahead but he says it would be “nice” if he could stay on for another season, if not longer.

He has a contract with Celtic until 2021 but he doesn’t want to say too much about his future because he doesn’t want to jinx it. Griffiths also insists that he hasn’t been offered anything from elsewhere and adds that he is happy at the club. That is all anyone can ask for and if they keep winning games there will be no reason why Celtic should have to listen to offers or sell him on.

In terms of his long-term future, Griffiths believes Lennon has made him a better player than he would have been under other managers. It is something he appreciates more now that he has settled down and the pair have formed such a strong bond, but there were times when they fell out with each other and it was a relationship which could have gone either way.

“He knows what I can do,” says Griffiths. “When I first came in I didn’t play for two years and it took me to go away on loan before he saw that side of me again. He always said ‘you need to show the side of you that we know exists’.

“That has brought out the best in me and the two of us have a good relationship now. The first time I came in he had just won the title with Celtic but they got beat by Rangers at the end of the season, so it wasn’t great for him. I think the fact that we both had to do well at different times helped our relationship as well.”

Griffiths is keen to stress there is nothing between them now. When he left Hibs in 2014, he admits to having a few regrets and it was something he felt guilty about for a while. He has also made an effort to say sorry for anything that happened in the past because he realises what a big deal it is for him to be back.

Hibs have never forgotten what he did for them, but neither are they willing to let it stand in his way and so it will just be another game of football in the end. It may not make sense that they are playing Celtic today after they were already eliminated from the race to finish top of the league, but if there was any doubt about whether he would feature this weekend then Griffiths says it was never an issue for him or his team-mates.

“I have played against them before and I know how passionate their fans are,” he says. “The fact that we’re playing a derby is always going to bring out the best in everybody because everyone wants to do well. There won’t be any more emotion than there usually is.”