7K resolution video of the station using 3D cameras and a GoPro camera.

The new technology was developed as part of NASA’s ongoing efforts to expand public engagement with its missions and programmes, while also sharing scientific data.

This video shows the astronauts exploring space in 2015. It is the first 3D video captured during a spacewalk:

The 7K resolution imagery, which is five times the detail of conventional HD video, was recorded by Wilmore and Virts on their December 21, 2014, spacewalk to upgrade and service the station’s power system. The two astronauts also used a GoPro camera with a new 3D lens attachment that can produce 3D imagery in real time while attached to a space suit.

The footage was processed by the Crew Earth Observations Virtual Labs at the University of Arizona, which allows scientists and the public to access and process the raw images, as well as use them for educational outreach.

To produce stereo 3D videos from these still images, a person using the website can move a slider to adjust the parallax — or apparent differences in position between objects.

“This 3D video shows us what it would be like to fly around the station with the astronauts and view it from their point of view,” said Jeffrey Nielson, who led NASA’s 3D imaging project at Johnson Space Center. “The resolution is so sharp you can see the rivets on the spacewalkers’ suits.”

The imagery was collected by an experimental camera called the High Definition Earth Viewing (HDEV) experiment, which was mounted on the station’s external truss. The HDEV experiment consists of four separate HD cameras from three companies: two Sony, one Panasonic and one JVC.

“With 3D, we can create a more immersive experience for our users that is as close to actually being there in space,” said Kevin Ward, a NASA Earth science researcher at Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland. “By using these images for outreach and education we are able to engage more people and inspire them to learn more about what NASA is doing.”

The new imagery will be released through the Virtual Labs website. The 7K resolution video has not yet been uploaded there but can be downloaded here.