 had ever seen, were spotted by residents of Elmsett, near Hadleigh, on Monday morning and reported to Suffolk Police’s rural crime team.

It was discovered that more than 20 lorry loads full of waste – mostly from a large building site – had been dumped in the village by a gang of criminals. Residents who live nearby are now angry after spotting the huge mounds of waste which is causing an eyesore, and smelling particularly bad.

One resident who lives near to where the rubbish has been left said: “It’s disgusting - the smell is unbearable. It seems to be getting worse as more people are going to it and poking at it, so it is breaking open and causing even more of a stink."

The mounds contain hundreds of plastic bags, wooden planks, and large amounts of rubble including broken bricks and tiles. The Suffolk Waste Partnership said it would cost around £72,000 to remove the rubbish from the field, which is owned by Babergh District Council.

The council has now cleared a 15 metre wide path in order to access the field, and officers are carrying out forensic investigations of the site in order to find out who is responsible for fly-tipping it there. Suffolk Police has launched an investigation into the fly-tipping after the rubbish was dumped on a roadside verge and in the centre of a field near Elmsett.

A police spokesperson said: “Officers attended to reports of the large amount of waste in fields off the B1115 at Elmsett, Suffolk. The amount of waste has been estimated as being between 30-40 tonnes and is believed to have come from a construction site.”

The force added that investigations were ongoing into finding those responsible for fly-tipping. A spokesperson said: “Officers are working with partners including Suffolk Waste Partnership, the council’s waste team and other organisations in order to carry out an investigation. Forensic evidence is being recovered from the site.”

Residents of Elmsett have been asked to avoid the area due to the smell and potential health risks, and to also be aware that it is private land. Resident Andrew Clements said: “It is very unpleasant – there are fumes and a lot of plastic bags full of waste. It’s a disgrace. It really does need to be cleaned up.”