

The new building will cover more than 700,000 square meters (173 acres) with a total floor area of approximately 500,000 square meters (124 acres), according to China Daily.

Once completed, it will accommodate as many as 82 million passengers per year – far more than any other terminal in the world. The second busiest airport in the world currently is Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport in Georgia, which can handle only 90 million passengers annually.

The new facility is expected to be ready for use in August of next year. By the end of this year, Beijing plans to have renovated or expanded its three existing terminals, with a total of nine runways and six terminal buildings.

Overall, China's passenger traffic at airports has increased by more than 50 percent between 2014 and 2018. The number of Chinese tourists traveling internationally is up roughly 70 percent since the same year, according to figures released by Beijing International Airport last week.

China is also planning to build a $2 billion airport in Pakistan, according to reports from Reuters.

The country has been investing in other infrastructure projects as well, including building high-speed trains, launching spacecraft and drones for commercial purposes, and working on artificial intelligence (AI) technology.

In March 2018, China's President Xi Jinping pledged to invest $75 billion over five years in its own AI sector. The goal is to create an ecosystem for the development of AI, including building a massive data center in the city of Xiong'an, just southwest of Beijing.

Last year, China also spent almost $30 billion on satellite technology and plans to build a constellation of more than 100 satellites in low Earth orbit for commercial purposes by 2035.

Beijing International Airport is set to open the world's largest terminal next year
The number of Chinese tourists eager to travel the world has risen dramatically over the last few years, and Beijing International Airport is launching the world's biggest terminal to cope with the substantial increase.