 suffered brain damage and would be confined to a wheelchair for life after being deprived of oxygen during her birth in 1987. But three years later, when Paula had another baby at the same hospital - St George's Hospital in London - she watched in horror as exactly the same thing happened to her son James. And this time, he was born dead. The couple launched a High Court action against the health trust that ran the hospital where both of their children were born. Paula said: "They made a mistake once, and I thought they would learn from it. But they did exactly what they'd done to Natasha." The trust has apologised and accepted liability for the injuries suffered by her children.

But now Paula is calling for an investigation into what went wrong.

"I think that there should be an independent investigation into why they made the same mistake twice," she said. "The fact it happened two years apart suggests they didn't learn from it, and I think that's awful."

Paula, 40, a special needs assistant at a primary school in Maidstone, Kent, said Natasha was born on January 21 1987 with no complications. But Paula noticed that her baby wasn't crying or opening her eyes and the medical staff told her she was severely brain damaged.

"They were telling me how to change a nappy for her - I knew something was wrong, but they never said what it was," said Paula. "I was only 17. I had no idea about these things."

A year later Natasha was diagnosed with cerebral palsy and is severely disabled, with limited use of her arms and legs and epilepsy. Her condition means she has to wear a nappy and is fed through a tube in her stomach. She cannot feed herself or speak. Paula said: "She can't move about without help. We have to do everything for her."

Her son James was also born without complications at St George's, on March 21 1989, but died five minutes after birth from brain damage due to lack of oxygen during delivery. Paula and her partner Alan McKay were devastated by his death, as their daughter had already suffered brain damage at the same hospital just two years earlier.

Now Natasha is cared for full-time by Paula's sister. "I have to leave Natasha all day while I work, so we decided it would be better if she stayed with my sister and my mum," said Paula.

But Paula still thinks about what might have been - not only in the case of her own children, but others who might also have suffered as a result of the same mistakes being made twice at St George's Hospital.

She said: "I have often wondered why nobody else has come forward to say 'me too'. They must have had to deal with these sort of mistakes - and if it was two years apart, then surely it was happening more frequently."