

The disaster was triggered by an explosion of a methane gas bubble that escaped from a broken underwater well owned by BP. Eleven workers were killed, 17 injured, and a torrent of oil poured into the Gulf of Mexico for more than three months. A total of 206 million gallons -- or 4.9 million barrels -- flowed out before the well was capped on July 15, 2010.

That's nearly triple the amount of crude that spilled from the Exxon Valdez tanker in Prince William Sound, Alaska in 1989. The Deepwater Horizon disaster is considered to be the largest marine oil spill in U.S. history.

The initial impact of the spill was severe. The oil washed over about 700 miles of coastline, contaminated marshes and wetlands, fouled beaches and coastal habitat for birds, dolphins, sea turtles and other wildlife, and killed untold numbers of marine animals.

Yet it's not until now that we are beginning to understand the lasting consequences -- both economic and ecological -- from the spill and its cleanup.

Economically, we see the oil industry's continued resistance to paying out on claims related to lost jobs or damaged livelihoods. We see a tourism industry still struggling to recover from the blow to their business and the lingering perception that there are still problems in Gulf waters. And we see new oil and gas drilling -- including exploration of deepwater wells -- continuing in the gulf despite an uncertain future for the region's ecosystem.

From an environmental perspective, it's still too soon to say what long-term effects the spill will have on marine life and coastal habitats. However, some recent studies suggest that the lingering oil may be affecting deep-water fish species like tilefish and grouper as well as Gulf Coast shrimp populations.

Others are looking at how oil contamination interacts with the harmful effects of other stressors, such as climate change, to threaten marine ecosystems. And there is growing evidence that oil dispersed by chemicals sprayed over the water may have caused more harm than leaving it in place would have.

As the five-year anniversary of the Deepwater Horizon disaster approaches, we should be looking forward to new research and insights into its lasting effects on the Gulf Coast ecosystem -- as well as a commitment to holding BP accountable for all damages. The oil industry must do more than pay lip service to restoration efforts; it must commit to true sustainability.

For too long, we have turned a blind eye to environmental damage caused by the oil industry's negligence and carelessness, whether through spills or other negative impacts of drilling for oil and gas. As a society, we cannot continue to allow this to happen. We must take action now -- before it is too late -- to ensure that the Gulf Coast ecosystem is protected and restored to its pre-spill condition.