ancing With The Stars competitor Emma Slater.

Stoll and his girlfriend were booked at the Clark County Detention Center with 10 grams of cocaine, according to TMZ Sports. Both are being held on $5,000 bail, according to reports. Stoll was reportedly arrested as part of a "sting" operation, although no details regarding that were released by local authorities.

The Kings confirmed the arrest in a statement to ESPN:

> "We are aware that Jarret has been charged with possession of drugs. The matter will be handled internally."

According to TMZ Sports, Stoll was arrested at 12:07 a.m. on Friday morning, and the arrest report shows he is not married but living with his girlfriend in California. His record doesn't list any other prior drug charges. The site also notes that the Kings player's last game of the season was an April 11 loss to the Pittsburgh Penguins.

The two are no strangers to each other, and have been together since 2008, although they weren't officially dating at the time. Stoll was a member of the Vancouver Canucks team that lost to the Boston Bruins in the Stanley Cup Finals, and he also spent some time playing with the Edmonton Oilers. He was drafted by the Los Angeles Kings in 2001 but didn't play his first full season with them until the 2008-2009 campaign.

He has been a member of the team ever since, and during the NHL lockout he played for an Austrian team called the EC Red Bull Salzburg. He also spent some time playing hockey in Switzerland as well.

Slater was born in England but is a New Zealand citizen, according to the DWTS website. She has been competing on season 20 of the show with partner Sasha Farber, and they have made it into the top 12 for next week's performance. Their performances are often high-energy, and she and Farber performed a samba as one of their dance numbers.

She is also known for performing in several touring productions of West End productions including Mary Poppins and Cats. She has been performing on stage since the age of 10, according to the DWTS site.