 n April. But he insisted.

"I was like, 'Wow!' " says Psaki, 36, who took over the job on Monday after serving as deputy communications director under Jay Carney and later John Podesta. "It's going to be interesting."

President Obama named his new communications team Wednesday: McDonough, 44, is taking over as chief of staff from Bill Daley, while current Deputy Chief of Staff Nancy-Ann DeParle, a 57-year-old health care adviser who also has two young daughters and a husband in the Washington office of a major law firm, will become deputy chief of staff for policy.

The announcement marked Obama's first moves to reorganize his administration after Republicans took control of the House in November. The new communications team will face tough questions on how to sell an agenda that has been stalled by legislative gridlock and public unease over the economy.

Psaki, a former White House spokeswoman for Obama's 2008 campaign, says her new post comes with "a huge amount of responsibility." She expects a challenge getting the president's message out when so much of the media and political attention is focused on Congress.

"We can do our best to help people understand what we are trying to accomplish but it's important for Congress to get back to work," Psaki said, adding that she expected to be working with her team in maternity pants "in April."

Psaki and DeParle will be the only women on a new senior staff. It replaces Daley, who is 63, as well as Podesta and Phil Schiliro, Obama's top White House congressional liaison.

McDonough has been the deputy national security adviser since 2010. He is seen as someone whose political views mirror the president's, but who also enjoys good relations with lawmakers, including some Republicans.

"Denis is a skilled and steady hand at managing the many responsibilities of running the White House, and I know he'll be an outstanding chief of staff," Obama said in a statement Wednesday. "I want to thank Bill Daley for his leadership and dedication to our team, as well as his commitment to bipartisan problem-solving."

As chief of staff, McDonough will oversee the day-to-day operations of the White House, including shaping policy and managing its implementation. He will also be involved in hiring key positions.

The move comes just days before Obama departs for a 10-day trip to Asia that will include stops in Indonesia, where he lived as a boy; India, where he is expected to meet with new Prime Minister Manmohan Singh; and the Republic of the Congo, where Obama hopes to highlight U.S. efforts to fight malaria.

DeParle has been a senior health care adviser since the beginning of 2009. She also served as Medicare director during President Bill Clinton's second term.

DeParle was also a top deputy at the Health and Human Services Department under Clinton, working on issues ranging from Medicare reform to tobacco control. She later was an executive at the private insurer WellPoint Inc.

Obama announced he would be making changes after meeting with Daley for more than two hours in November. Daley told Obama that he did not want to take another job in government, and Obama decided he wanted a change, as well.

Daley had been criticized by some Democrats for being too close to the business community, which they said hindered his ability to be a strong advocate with House Republicans over tax increases. But Daley was also credited with helping bring the administration together after last year's midterm elections and pushing for an immigration reform package that stalled in Congress.

Daley has been working closely with Psaki since she took over as deputy communications director. She says he will be missed but also believes "the team will continue to do good work" under McDonough and DeParle.

The White House is also expected to name a new press secretary, possibly by the end of this month, according to people familiar with the process.

Former spokesman Carney took over as the U.S. ambassador to Japan and former White House press secretary Robert Gibbs has taken a job at Facebook.

Psaki said she would have no comment on the search for the next press secretary, but added that the White House is "having some fun" with speculation about who will get the post.