 home will trigger fond memories and stimulate their brains.

The experiment, which is being run by film-maker Richard Herskowitz, follows a similar project that was carried out in the UK three years ago, and has been inspired by the success of a Hollywood movie about Alzheimer's patients.

Residents of the 450-bed Park Slope Care Center, in Brooklyn, will be shown video messages from their family members, in an experiment that Herskowitz hopes can eventually lead to a full-fledged Alzheimer's therapy programme for care home residents across America.

The clips, which have been recorded by relatives of the patients, will include birthday greetings, holiday wishes and messages from grandchildren. They will be shown on a loop on digital displays that are similar to those seen at train stations or in airport terminals.

Herskowitz said: “It’s called The Memory Project, because we hope it will be something of a catalyst for people with dementia to start remembering things.”

The project has been inspired by Still Alice, a Hollywood film starring Julianne Moore as a linguistics professor who develops Alzheimer's disease.

The movie tells the story of Moore's character, who finds that she can no longer recall words when teaching her students. As the illness progresses and her speech becomes increasingly slurred, she becomes terrified at the prospect of not being able to communicate with her family any more.

Around 20 residents will be shown the videos daily for a period of up to six months, and Herskowitz hopes to expand the experiment to care homes across New York City. He is also hoping to set up an online archive where people can upload clips that they have filmed for relatives with dementia.

A similar project was carried out in the UK three years ago, when a dementia-support organisation used video messages from family members and friends of patients at a care home in Gloucestershire. The clips were shown on screens around the centre, which are called 'memory boxes'.

The patients were shown messages that had been recorded by relatives and friends, including clips of holidays, birthdays and other memorable occasions.

Patients were shown the videos twice a day, for 10 minutes at a time.

The results from this experiment suggested that the films prompted positive changes in the behaviour of the patients, which led to reductions in their use of anti-psychotic medication.

The project was run by a dementia charity called Dementia Support Gloucestershire, which has since been incorporated into the Alzheimer's Society. The society is planning to introduce the memory boxes at all of its centres across the UK.

A spokesperson said: “Researchers believe that video interventions may be a valuable addition to dementia care, as it can help support people with dementia who may no longer remember their own history to engage and communicate with family members.”