inck, 37, was said to have been "completely broken" by the betrayal and took her own life along with that of her son, Drew, on March 15 this year.

Her husband, Tariq Saeed, found them lying lifeless in bed at their home in Middlesex, with a suicide note alongside their bodies.

The inquest heard how Donna had struggled to come to terms with the affair and was "having an emotional crisis" in the week before her death.

She told friends and family that she could no longer go on with her husband and even said they should separate, but Tariq begged her not to leave him, the hearing at West London Coroner's Court heard.

He called 999 and performed CPR on his wife when he returned home from work, but it was too late.

Mr Saeed told the inquest: "I got a call from the police saying they had found a body in my bedroom. I rushed to the address and when I arrived I saw paramedics attempting to resuscitate Donna. They were trying their best."

He added: "They asked me if I wanted to say goodbye, and I said yes and went into my room and that's when I found Drew, lying in bed with his mum. It was a horrendous scene. My wife had taken her life and Drew died as well."

A post mortem examination revealed Donna died of multiple injuries consistent with being hit by a train. Mr Saeed added: "She knew that if she took herself it would kill our child, because he would have been on top of her. It was a very desperate act and it has left us both broken."

A toxicology report found the mother-of-three had alcohol, cocaine, diazepam and other medication in her system but could not determine whether they were responsible for her death.

The court heard how she had suffered from depression before and had been taking antidepressants at the time of her suicide. A suicide note found with Drew's body said: "Tariq, I am so sorry to do this. I cannot go on any longer, it is not fair. Please look after my boys for me."

The couple's other two children, eight-year-old Zak and nine-month-old Adam were found alive at the home in Ruislip Manor, Middlesex.

Mr Saeed said he had no idea his wife intended to take her own life that day and had even sent her a text message at 12.35pm telling her how much she was loved before heading out to lunch with friends.

He told the inquest: "She seemed completely fine when I saw her that morning, she didn't give me any indication. She went up to the bedroom after breakfast and then I left for work. My wife had never attempted to kill herself before."

The father-of-three, who works as an engineer, said his relationship with his Egyptian wife began on holiday in 1998 and they married in the UK four years later.

He said he found out about Tariq's second family after seeing her name listed as a beneficiary on his life insurance policy. He had been living away from Donna in Cairo since December, where she would visit him every three months.

Mr Saeed told the court: "I never meant for this to happen, I love my wife very much." The coroner returned an open verdict and said he could not determine whether the couple intended to kill each other or just themselves.

He added that Mr Saeed did not know his wife was going to take her own life because there were no warning signs.