 research by scientists in the US and China.

Peanut oil was also found to boost the immune system’s natural defences. The team at Michigan State University and Peking Union Medical College said their findings suggest a simple way of making food safer for humans.

Around 30,000 people are killed each year by contaminated meat and dairy products in the UK and US alone. But a ‘natural antibiotic’ in peanuts can help prevent gut bacteria from clinging on to harmful E.coli. The team said eating the nuts was a cheap alternative to drugs.

Peanuts contain phytosterols, which are antimicrobial compounds that stop bacteria from growing and multiplying. However, they have previously been seen as simply a healthy fat source and not something that can help improve our health further. The researchers said they now think of peanut oil as ‘more than just a nutritious food or a neutral base for cooking’.

Phytosterols are found in some vegetable oils but peanuts contain the highest concentration. In the study, 40 mice were fed high doses of phytosterol-rich peanut oil to see how their gut health would be affected. The oil boosted ‘friendly’ bacteria that help protect against diseases such as E.coli.

The mice given peanuts had a higher concentration of E. coli-fighting bacteria in the gut and were also less likely to catch an infection. This was because they produced more antibodies which helped fight off any invaders, said the team. They said the study’s findings could help us prevent food poisoning.

The results show that peanut oil ‘promotes protective intestinal microbes and stimulates innate immunity against pathogenic E. coli’. Co-author Dr Jing Hu from Peking University in China added: ‘A cheap and simple way of making food safer is to eat more peanuts, or a form of phytosterol-rich peanut oil, before eating.’

Dr Wei Zheng from Michigan State University said the study showed that it was ‘important to consume these healthy fats in your daily diet’. The researchers have now filed a patent for the use of phytosterols to promote gut health. Their findings are published in the journal Scientific Reports.