 ahead to Wembley...

Liverpool have not had much joy at Wembley in recent years, but this is an entirely different team from their previous ones and they have a very good record at the national stadium this year. It has been a difficult campaign for them but this is still a strong side and it’s great to see them back in the top four. They are going to be a massive force again next season.

They should beat Aston Villa because they have more quality, better players and will have a proper go at winning this competition, rather than just playing for pride. Liverpool know how important it is to win silverware but Aston Villa might not think that way. They have had an underwhelming year and their manager Dean Smith could be thinking that if he gets to the final, it’s good enough.

It will come down to whether Villa’s players have the hunger to win on Sunday. If they do, I would give them a chance of causing an upset because Liverpool aren’t the same team from last season and Aston Villa are very tough to break down. It is going to be hard for Liverpool to score goals against this side but I still expect them to nick it 2-1 or something like that.

This is another big week for Manchester United, who have a huge game at Chelsea in the Premier League on Tuesday night and then travel to Crystal Palace on Saturday. If they beat Chelsea then it is going to be very difficult for their top four rivals because they have such momentum behind them now. There are question marks over whether the team can back up their Champions League win over Paris Saint-Germain, but I think they will find a way against Chelsea and continue to prove people wrong.

There’s no reason why United cannot finish in the top four again this season and they have the squad to do it. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is building something at Old Trafford and if you had told me this time last year that he would be competing for a Champions League place, I wouldn’t have believed you. The way he has changed things and got players playing with confidence has been brilliant and it’s down to his leadership.

Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is building something at Old Trafford and if you had told me this time last year that he would be competing for a Champions League place, I wouldn’t have believed you

At the other end of the table, West Bromwich Albion are still fighting to stay up but they might already have done enough to survive. If they can beat West Ham at the Hawthorns on Sunday, it will put them nine points clear of 18th and they will be very difficult to catch if they keep playing like they did last week against Burnley.

Sam Allardyce’s side were brilliant that day and the way he has got them organised has been brilliant. I have no doubt about their survival now because it is always easier to beat teams who are down the bottom when you need points, especially with West Ham having a tough run-in. I think they will finish up in mid-table but if they play like they did against Burnley then they could be challenging for Europe next year.