and could be willing to let him go in the January transfer window, according to the Mirror.

The Reds are looking for a replacement for Luis Suarez following his record-breaking move to Barcelona during the summer, with Daniel Sturridge the only recognised striker left at Anfield after Mario Balotelli failed to impress. Immobile is likely to cost Liverpool around £12m if they are serious about a move and he has previously expressed an interest in playing for Brendan Rodgers' side.

Meanwhile, Liverpool have been offered the chance to sign Real Madrid midfielder Sami Khedira in January following his fall out with Carlo Ancelotti after the midfielder was dropped from the squad by the Italian manager.

The 27-year old is set to leave Madrid on a free transfer at the end of the season, but the Premier League leaders can bring him back to England just four years after he left Stamford Bridge for Spain. Khedira is yet to make an appearance in La Liga this season and his agent has confirmed that the player wants to leave Los Blancos.

"Sami's situation? He knows that he needs more playing time than he gets at Real Madrid. He wants to play regularly, it does not matter where he goes," Vettori said.

"I will soon be in Spain to have a meeting with the president and vice-president of Real Madrid and I will talk about the future of Sami."

Meanwhile, Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has dismissed suggestions that striker Danny Welbeck is set to miss six months due to a knee injury. The former Manchester United player underwent surgery last week but reports suggested he could be out for half a year following an operation to remove bone growth in his right knee.

But the Gunners boss has downplayed those suggestions and said it is too early to assess Welbeck's long-term injury concerns. He also praised the player for his recovery so far and said he will undergo a second surgery in January.

"I have been told that he can be back within five to six months but I think it's too early to tell," Wenger was quoted as saying by ESPN.

"He has had a big operation which is not easy. He needs time to recover and there will be a second surgery in January. But for now we have no idea how long he will need."