

The lawsuit by John Doe, whose real identity is being kept secret, raises questions about the new Title IX standards imposed on colleges and universities under the Obama administration.

In 2016, Mason investigated a complaint by Jane Roe, who accused Mr. Doe of nonconsensual sexual contact at an off-campus apartment.

The George Mason case is one in which the woman’s identity remains a secret because she also chose to remain anonymous. Mr. Doe’s lawsuit was filed under the pseudonyms John Doe and Jane Roe, but he is referred to as “Mr. X” by his lawyer and “the student” by George Mason.

The two are said to have been in a dating relationship that began during their freshman year at George Mason but had grown strained after Mr. Doe broke off contact with Ms. Roe, who was living in the same apartment complex where he lived.

In his lawsuit filed last month, Mr. Doe claimed that he and Ms. Roe engaged in sexual activity on several occasions when they were together. He said she initiated their first encounter in the fall of 2016 by placing her hand over his genitals while he was sitting on a couch in the living room at the apartment complex.

“He did not resist or object to this contact because he wanted to have sex with her, and because he thought it would be consensual,” according to the lawsuit filed Nov. 15 by Thomas A. Renz of the Renz Bullen Law Firm in Columbus, Ohio. “After some initial hesitation, Jane Roe asked whether Mr. X wanted her to perform oral sex on him.”

Mr. Doe said he agreed, and she proceeded to give him oral sex without his consent, according to the lawsuit.

“It was during this encounter that Ms. Roe first informed Mr. X about a fetish that she had for rough sex,” his attorney wrote. “She indicated that she liked to be choked while having sex.”

Mr. Doe claimed he later consented to participate in role playing with Ms. Roe, which included sadomasochistic activities such as spanking and choking. He said these incidents were all consensual but that his relationship with Ms. Roe soured after he broke off contact.

“She was upset because she wanted to have a relationship with him,” Mr. Doe’s attorney wrote in the lawsuit, “but he did not want to pursue anything further.”

Ms. Roe, who also lives in Virginia, is not named as a defendant in the lawsuit, which says her identity should remain secret unless and until she decides to make it public.

A spokesman for George Mason said he could not comment on the pending litigation or Mr. Doe’s allegations of misconduct.

“The university respectfully declines comment,” the spokesman, Michael Sandler, wrote in an email. “The litigation speaks for itself.”

Mr. Renz has sued other colleges over their handling of sexual misconduct complaints under Title IX, a federal law that requires universities to investigate claims of gender-based harassment and discrimination.

Mr. Renz is also suing Ohio State University on behalf of former wrestling team doctor Richard Strauss, who is accused of abusing athletes for years before he was fired in 1998.

Ohio State has not commented on the lawsuit against it.

In his latest lawsuit against George Mason, Mr. Doe said he had no reason to believe that he was being investigated by the university until Sept. 26, when the dean of students emailed him saying that Ms. Roe filed a formal complaint of sexual misconduct against him under Title IX.

Mr. Doe said he denied having nonconsensual sex with Ms. Roe and pointed out their mutual consent for sadomasochistic role-playing activities.

“He did not have any physical contact with Jane Roe at the time that he allegedly assaulted her, because she was at a party in another part of town,” according to Mr. Doe’s lawsuit. “Therefore, there is no possible way that John Doe could have sexually assaulted Ms. Roe.”

According to court documents filed by George Mason last month, the university concluded its investigation into Mr. Doe and found him responsible for violating Title IX. It recommended his expulsion.

“The University has determined that your actions violated Mason’s policy on sexual misconduct,” according to the letter from Mason’s dean of students. “As a result, you will be suspended from the university indefinitely and will not have the opportunity to return.”

In his lawsuit against Mason, Mr. Doe accused the university of rushing its investigation while failing to properly interview him or others who could corroborate his account of events. He also claimed that the school failed to investigate whether Ms. Roe might be lying about her allegations.

Mr. Doe is asking a federal judge in Alexandria, Va., to order the university to reinstate him and award damages for mental suffering, lost earnings and legal fees.