

The LA-based Ho has been sharing workout tips on her Blogilates YouTube channel for eight years, but it was only last year that she revealed her body is a little more ‘imperfect’ than some people would have us believe.

Ho suffers from polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), which affects the hormones and causes irregular periods, excessive hair growth, acne and weight gain.

It was after sharing a before-and-after video showing how she’d lost 30 pounds in one month that Ho started to receive comments about her appearance.

“When I uploaded that video, people were saying ‘Oh my gosh you look so great, like you lost weight and your stomach is so flat. But when I showed my face I was like, “OK guys, you’re commenting on a body transformation video but I feel like you want to see my abs but not my face,” she revealed in a video she shared last year.

Ho said she wanted to show people the reality of losing weight: that it involves more than just your physical appearance.

“You can do all these workouts, you can get fit and lose the weight, but if you don’t focus on what you put into your body, if you don’t drink enough water, if you don’t eat healthy then that’s going to affect how you look on the outside.”

Now Ho has taken another step towards tackling the issue head on with a new video highlighting all the ‘horrible things’ viewers have said about her appearance.

“I’ve been getting some of the most disgusting, hateful, horrible comments,” she begins, before scrolling through some of the unkind comments left by people who watch her videos.

“You’re so fat!” says one comment.

Another viewer accuses Ho of having “pudgy arms” while a third says they can’t believe she’s an athlete because “she looks like she’s so flabby”.

Ho even shares the message from a fan who says she wishes she looked like the online fitness guru but admits “I don’t think I will ever look like her… I just wish I did.”

The YouTube star says that after watching these comments back-to-back, they can seem very hurtful, but that it was important to share them so people could see how damaging and cruel social media can be.

“I’m not going to say that this doesn’t sting,” she said of the videos she has created over the years. “This is really hard for me.”

The 30-year-old explains that the videos aren’t about her, they are about helping others feel good and learn more about working out.

“YouTube is a platform where everyone can say what they want and I think that’s why it’s so powerful, because everyone has their own voice,” Ho says in conclusion of the video.

“So if you have something to say, let’s make sure it’s positive.”