― not what you would expect.

A new study by the American Heart Association found that fast food salads are just as unhealthy as the burger option at some popular restaurants. They examined the nutritional information of sandwiches, burgers and salads at major chains like McDonald’s, Subway and Wendys. And they discovered that you could be getting more fat and calories if you order a salad instead of a burger.

“People are ordering the salads with the thought in mind that it is better for them than the burger,” said study author Penny Kris-Etherton, professor of nutrition at Pennsylvania State University. “And we found in some cases they weren’t.”

Researchers compared popular items from three restaurant chains: McDonald’s, Subway and Wendy’s. They focused on salads, sandwiches and burgers that were the most similar in terms of ingredients like cheese, vegetables and condiments. For example, one sandwich with bacon, egg and cheese was compared to a salad with chicken, cheese and eggs.

“We did not make direct comparisons between the salads and the sandwiches,” Kris-Etherton said. “If there were two items that didn’t contain any red or processed meats or cheese or fried foods we would compare those items. But we found only one of them.”

The study, which was published Monday in the Journal of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, shows that some salads are high in fat, saturated fat and sugar ― things you might expect to avoid when eating a healthy lunch. The researchers examined 70 menu items from these three chains and found only four salad options had fewer than 30 percent of calories coming from fat.

“We were surprised at the amount of saturated fat in some of the salads,” said Kris-Etherton, who is also a spokeswoman for the American Heart Association. “And we thought that was really bad.”

The study found one Subway salad ― called the Oven Roasted Chicken & Bacon sandwich ― had 13 grams of saturated fat, more than half the recommended daily amount for men or women. The same salad also contained 740 milligrams of sodium, which is about a third of your daily allowance.

The Wendy’s Baja Salad with Chicken had 12 grams of saturated fat and 880 milligrams of sodium ― almost half the recommended amount for one day. This was the only salad that had more total fat, calories and sugar than a burger.

Subway’s Oven Roasted Chicken & Bacon sandwich salad also contains 15 teaspoons of sugar in each serving. According to Kris-Etherton, that is the equivalent of three large Hershey bars. “If you are diabetic or have prediabetes you can get into trouble with that amount of sugar,” she said.

The American Heart Association recommends people eat no more than 150 calories per day of added sugars. But a single serving of the Subway Oven Roasted Chicken & Bacon sandwich contains 240 calories of added sugar alone, making up half of the recommended amount for one day. The same is true for Wendy’s Biggie Bag salad and McDonald’s Premium Southwest Salad with Grilled Chicken, which have more than 13 teaspoons of sugar per serving.

“Salads can be very high in calories if they have a lot of dressing or if you put a lot of cheese on them,” Kris-Etherton said. “But there are some salads that are healthy, like the Subway Garden Salad.”

The study showed that salads with no added sugar, saturated fat or more than 10 percent of calories coming from fat were healthier options than their burger counterparts at McDonald’s, Subway and Wendy’s. The American Heart Association recommends people consume less than 23 grams of saturated fat per day.

Subway said in a statement to CBS News that they have “a broad array of menu offerings including many healthy choices.” They also said their nutrition information is displayed on menus and online, as well as calorie counters at stores across the country. Subway is making efforts to improve health by promoting salads like the Garden Salad with a baked chicken breast that has only 16 grams of fat and no added sugar or saturated fat.

McDonald’s said in a statement they “provide our guests with nutritional information about all of our products, including our premium salads which are available in 120 countries.” They also pointed out their Premium Southwest Salad has a baked crispy chicken breast and is low in saturated fat. The company said they are committed to serving quality food and giving customers the choice of nutritious options.

Wendy’s did not immediately respond to request for comment.