­after she divorced Prince Charles, Diana was ­rediscovered by a public tired of a media obsessed with royalty.

During her last summer as Britain’s most famous single woman, the Princess of Wales transformed her image and regained control over her life – but she had just one regret about the new Diana. "I do wish I'd done it sooner," she told her confidante, Carole Middleton, at a dinner party on the eve of her final visit to Britain in July 1997.

It was the summer when, having finally got over her grief for Charles and started to enjoy herself again, Diana began to emerge from her seclusion. She was transformed from the world's most famous victim into a woman who could stand up to anyone.

Her appearance at Wimbledon with Elton John, her first public date since the divorce, was greeted with cheers rather than jeers; her night out at Harry's Bar in Paris with Dodi Fayed was captured by paparazzi who were so impressed they decided to give her some privacy.

She had always been determined that ­Paris should be where she would end the relationship with Charles and it was fitting that it was also the place where she reclaimed her life as an independent woman.

She and Dodi, 10 years her junior, had already fallen in love and he told friends they were planning to marry in July or August this year. But Diana did not want a quiet engagement. She wanted the world to know that at last she was happy. "I don't care what the press say," she told Carole Middleton, ­dismissing rumours that their relationship was doomed because Dodi was Muslim and Diana Christian. "I love him."

She had already told her mother, Frances, who was worried about the age gap: "He makes me laugh." She was delighted when her sons said they liked him. The Princess knew the public would be surprised by her choice of partner but she had never been one to do what was expected of her and this time it was because she wanted to live her own life, not one set up for her.

By 1997, Diana had decided that if her relationship with Charles was not going to work out, then the only person she could turn to was herself. She wanted to be a fun person who went dancing and who liked people and loved life – but at the same time she refused to take any nonsense from anyone, especially the press or ­paparazzi.

She knew that when she first appeared with Dodi in public there would be criticism about his background and the fact that he was Muslim. But she was determined to make her own decisions and no one was going to stop her – not even if it meant making a stand at Wimbledon or confronting photographers in Paris.

Diana had been trying to decide what to do with herself for years and after her divorce she became aware that she was more famous than ever but ­unable to use her position to help anyone except herself. She realised that, despite the fact that she would always be known as a royal and people were still interested in her, she could never really make a difference until she came out of the shadows and showed she was ready for a new life.

She was no longer prepared to just be "Princess Diana" and she was determined to put aside the image she had created – the caring mother who played with her sons, helped poor children and comforted Aids sufferers – in order to become herself again. She knew that, if she did not, her boys would be unhappy when they grew up and it would be her fault.

Diana's ­confidante, Dr Hasnat Khan, told her he was concerned for her because she seemed so tired when he saw her in London. But Diana told him: "I know I've got to get back on the horse." She had decided that she would do just that – and that she could not wait any longer.

By July 1997, she was ready to start the new life she had been planning for years – but she was also determined to confront her enemies in the press and show them she was not going to be pushed around any more. "She wanted to move on," said one friend. "She felt it was time to stand up for herself."

The following month, Diana moved into Ritz Hotel in Paris after a dinner party with Carole Middleton at which she admitted that she and Dodi were in love. She had already decided that when the engagement became public knowledge she would refuse to speak about it. Instead, she planned to make her announcement at Kensington Palace with her sons.

By then she knew that Charles was marrying Camilla Parker Bowles – but she did not want to comment on her old marriage. "I don't want to go into that," she said. "That chapter is now finished." The only thing she would talk about was the fact that she had fallen in love again and that this time it felt good. She knew it might be controversial because of Dodi's religion but she wanted to show how much happier she was with him than she had ever been.

During her last visit to Britain before her death, Diana said she intended to return in the autumn for the ­funeral of her father, John Spencer, who died in July aged 85. He had always hoped his daughter would find a man who loved her but he was too ill by then and never got to see Dodi.

Diana's last wish was that when she returned with Dodi to England for the funeral, people would be pleased about her new relationship. It was an impossible dream because in less than 24 hours the couple would be killed in a car crash that was later blamed on a paparazzo taking pictures of Diana and Dodi as they left the Ritz Hotel.

The tragedy is now almost forgotten, but in the months before her death Diana had finally found happiness. She had discovered that she could look at herself with pride instead of pity – and she had learned to laugh again. "I've got a new life," she told Carole Middleton, who knew from Diana's joyful face that night how happy she was at last.