30-year old Filipina mother -- were executed by firing squad in Indonesia on Wednesday morning, she was spared from the same fate.

The last-minute reprieve for Veloso came just hours after Indonesia carried out its first mass execution since 2015, when eight people accused of drug offenses were killed, including seven foreigners. This time, the seven executed included a man who'd been on death row since 2004 -- but not Mary Jane.

It seemed certain she would be one of the eight executed on Wednesday after an appeals court rejected her appeal to overturn a conviction for drug trafficking. Veloso was sentenced to death by firing squad in 2010, convicted of being a courier for an international drug syndicate who carried drugs hidden inside her suitcase when she traveled from the Philippines to Indonesia.

The 30-year old Veloso has maintained that she was duped into carrying the drugs and didn't know they were there.

Mary Jane Veloso is a single mother from the poor countryside. Her mother, Cecilia, had borrowed money to pay for her trip. But Mary Jane never arrived in Indonesia. Instead, when authorities found the 2.6 kilograms of heroin stuffed into her suitcase at Yogyakarta airport, she was arrested and sentenced to death.

On Wednesday morning, just after 3:50 a.m., the eight prisoners were shot in Nusakambangan Island, off Java's southern coast, as hundreds of police officers stood guard.

But Veloso had been moved from her jail cell at Yogyakarta to another city two hours away and it took time for authorities to transport her to Nusakambangan. So, when her name was read out as the next prisoner to face a firing squad, she wasn't there. She was still on her way.

As Indonesia's Attorney General HM Prasetyo announced that Veloso's execution had been postponed, cheers went up from anti-death penalty campaigners in Jakarta, who'd gathered outside the presidential palace to demand mercy for all nine prisoners.

In Manila, the Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte said he was "very happy" with news of Veloso's reprieve. "It would have been terrible if she was killed. I know how much her mother loves her."

But later, Veloso's supporters were dismayed when she returned to her cell at Yogyakarta and learned that her appeal against the execution had not succeeded. The prison warden told reporters in a video posted on social media that the Philippines had asked Indonesia for another month to find proof that Mary Jane was an unwitting drug courier.

Hours after Veloso's reprieve, Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte ordered his cabinet ministers to prepare "the most complete and compelling evidence" proving Veloso's innocence. Duterte's spokesman said the Philippines would present its case within a month to Indonesia.

CNN has reached out to the Indonesian government for comment on what information it will require before reconsidering Veloso's execution date.

Veloso has always insisted she was tricked into carrying the heroin-filled suitcase. Her lawyers claim that a woman who hired her as a maid and told her to go to Indonesia to find work gave her the suitcase at Jakarta airport. In fact, they say, she knew nothing of the drugs in it.

But Veloso's arrest and subsequent conviction was not just based on the suitcase itself -- which was never found -- but also because Indonesian police identified Mary Jane as a member of an international drug syndicate that trafficked heroin from the Philippines to Indonesia via airports.

The Philippine government has always stood by its citizen's innocence and the President Duterte told CNN in March that "all the evidence" pointed to Veloso being a victim. Duterte said he would "do everything" to help save her life.

But Indonesian officials have been less convinced, and earlier this year, Mary Jane's mother Cecilia was quoted as saying she feared her daughter would never be released from prison, adding that "she will die in Nusakambangan."

### A last-minute reprieve

Ahead of the executions on Wednesday, the families of six foreigners facing a firing squad said they'd received messages from Indonesian authorities to tell them their loved ones would be executed.

In the Philippines, Veloso's supporters said that news of her execution had been "confirmed" and the prison warden had told them that she was due to be executed in the morning, just before the first prisoner was killed at 3:50 a.m.

But by the time Mary Jane's name was read out as the next person to face a firing squad, she was already on her way to Nusakambangan Island and not in the execution room, her supporters said. The last-minute reprieve came after she was handed some documents while sitting in her prison cell in Yogyakarta.

Mary Jane's sister told CNN that Mary Jane didn't know what had happened until later -- when news of her reprieve reached Indonesia and people outside the prison began to cheer. "I don't think she understands it all," said Janet, speaking from the Philippines capital Manila.

But it was not good news for all of the prisoners facing a firing squad.

Four foreigners who'd been given an 11th hour reprieve in February were killed on Wednesday, including Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran, Indonesian attorney Prasetyo said.

The other victims of the mass execution were Nigerians Okwudili Oyatanze and Sylvester Obiekwe Nwolise, and Zainal Abidin and Muhammad Roni from Indonesia. All were convicted for drug offenses.

Indonesian President Joko Widodo has repeatedly said he would not grant any reprieve to anyone who'd been convicted of a drug offense -- even if they had years left on their sentence -- because Indonesia was fighting a "national emergency" against illegal drugs.

His stance has been met with condemnation from the United States and Australia, which have lobbied for clemency for their citizens who are facing execution on Nusakambangan Island. Both countries say they've done everything they could to help save their nationals.

"We reiterate our strong opposition to the use of capital punishment," Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said Wednesday, adding that it "isn't an effective deterrent and it doesn't save lives."

The United States Embassy in Jakarta issued a statement Wednesday calling for a halt to executions. "We believe all individuals, including foreign nationals, should be treated with fairness and respect, and we continue to advocate on behalf of those who face the death penalty in Indonesia," it said.