 Glasgow to promise that if he becomes prime minister, Scotland will not be "treated as a second-class nation" and will instead play a "full role" in any devolution settlement.

He said he would use a referendum on more powers for the Scottish Parliament to deliver "true home rule" by creating a stronger federal UK. Labour also unveiled plans for a Scottish national investment bank and a 10% cut in air passenger duty, with Mr Miliband claiming his party is Scotland's party of choice against the Tories and the SNP.

However, the latest Survation poll found that almost half of Scots are ready to vote for the SNP in May - while only a third would back Labour. A total of 47% said they would back the SNP, compared with 32% for Labour, 16% for the Conservatives and 5% for the Liberal Democrats.

The poll, which also suggests the SNP's Nicola Sturgeon will win the Glasgow seat of Southside Central by a landslide, comes amid fresh questions over the Scottish referendum result as an Ipsos Mori report found that almost half (46%) of those who voted Yes would have opted for No had there been more powers on offer.

It also emerged today that Scottish Secretary Alistair Carmichael has suggested he is prepared to resign as a minister if it helps the UK win a majority in Scotland, The Scotsman newspaper reported.

Asked whether he would consider giving up his position at Westminster, Mr Carmichael said: "I'll do whatever I can to help Labour get over the line." He also suggested that the 2015 election result could be seen as a referendum on independence.

Speaking in Glasgow today, Mr Miliband said: "Labour is the only party ready for government in Scotland and across the whole UK. And we will do everything necessary to earn your trust. I can tell you this: Labour's mission is to make Britain a country that works for working people.

"I don't want to be Prime Minister of just England, Wales or Northern Ireland - but I want to be your Prime Minister too. And when I become Prime Minister I will never treat Scotland as a second-class nation. Instead we will work together with you on the most important decisions. That is the only way that we can ensure a stronger, fairer and more secure country for everyone."

The Labour leader went on: "I want to make sure that every part of the UK plays its full role in our union. The whole country will benefit from greater devolution, including Scotland and England - and the Union will be strengthened as a result. I believe that we need a more federal approach to Britain where power is shared with the nations of the UK, including Scotland."

He added: "I'm also clear that any settlement must be fair for Wales, Northern Ireland and all parts of our country. So I will consult the other parties in government about what they would like to see and then we will make a decision. But let me say this - whoever forms the next government must work with people across Scotland to come up with a devolution settlement that delivers true home rule."

He told BBC Radio's Good Morning Scotland programme: "I believe in devolution, I think it is a very good thing. We will set out proposals after the election, and we will consult on those proposals with the other parties and make sure that all parts of the country get the settlement they deserve. But let me say this: nobody should doubt my commitment to Scotland."

Labour's plans for Scotland include a national investment bank "to give Scotland its own business development agency" as well as an annual £200 million fund to support research and innovation projects, with at least half of the cash coming from Treasury funding.

They also include a commitment to create 100,000 apprenticeships over five years, backed by £75 million in new investment, and a pledge to cut air passenger duty by 10% - a move which could save travellers between £30 and £50 a head on short haul flights.

Meanwhile, the latest Survation poll also found that 46% of Yes voters said they would have backed No had there been more powers on offer. However, 95% of No voters said their position was unaffected by what was offered in the referendum. The Ipsos Mori poll - published in a report commissioned by Labour's Scottish leadership - also found that almost half (48%) of Scots said they believe Labour are still "a party for Scotland".

This compares with 27% who think it is "out of touch", while 19% said the party had "lost its way" and 15% said it was a "party of Scotland's future".

Labour also unveiled a campaign video today, narrated by former Labour Prime Minister Gordon Brown, to counter what he claimed are SNP attacks on his record. In the ad, Mr Brown says: "I know I am not perfect. But in 10 years as chancellor and prime minister, I did my best for Scotland."

In a statement, Shadow Chancellor Ed Balls said: "There is no doubt that Gordon Brown changed Britain forever, making sure that everyone had the chance to get on - including many Scots who would never have been able to afford their own home or send their kids to university before Gordon's Labour government.

"Today there are 200,000 more young people in higher education than when he was chancellor and thousands of first-time buyers are now on the property ladder as a result of the Brown government's policies - many of them Scots."