ers, experts say this is unlikely.

The newfound set of tracks runs about 70 yards (64 meters) long and 25 feet (8 m) high on a cliff near the town of Rurrenabaque in north-eastern Bolivia. The area was once a lake that dried up millions of years ago, revealing fossilized sediments from when dinosaurs roamed there.

The tracks were discovered after rainy season rains loosened the soil on the cliffside and triggered landslides in February and March 2016, according to a statement from the University of Bonn in Germany.

A team of researchers from the university and the Natural History Museum of Bolivia examined the prints in April and May, revealing that they belonged to different dinosaurs — most likely sauropods — and that they were made on multiple occasions during the dinosaurs' lifetimes, said the statement. [In Images: See Dinosaur Tracks Found in a Parking Lot]

The discovery is notable because it helps researchers understand how sauropods moved around, study co-leader Oliver Rauhut, a professor of paleontology at the University of Bonn, told Live Science in an email. (Sauropods include giants like the Brachiosaurus and Diplodocus.)

"It is also important because the tracks are so well preserved," Rauhut said. "They are mostly not eroded at all."

The tracks were originally discovered by a Bolivian geologist named Luis Chiappe, who was in the area to study landslides for his doctoral thesis on how they occur and where they may happen in the future. A professor of paleontology at the University of Bonn, Rauhut heard about Chiappe's findings and wanted to take a closer look.

"I immediately knew that this is something special," Rauhut said.

The team will be studying the tracks in detail over the next year. They plan to examine them at the University of Bonn, using CT scans to create three-dimensional images of the footprints and determine which dinosaurs made them. The researchers also want to investigate how they were exposed by the landslides, Rauhut said.

The new prints are the first to be discovered in Bolivia in more than 25 years, according to the statement.