 since his sacking by the England and Wales Cricket Board last March.

"I'm not here to do anything but enjoy my cricket," said Pietersen, who will be available to play for Surrey from May until early July at least and has also signed up to play in the Bangladesh Premier League before the end of that season. "If I get a game [for England] then great; if not then I'll just enjoy my cricket and try to help these young lads here.

"I can't wait to get back playing cricket with all my friends." Pietersen said he had not spoken to anyone from the ECB since he was dismissed, but added: "It's all in the past for me – I've moved on and it's great to be here."

Pietersen is determined to leave his personal problems behind him. He has been linked to a number of high-profile women during his career and one of the reasons he was dismissed by the ECB was because some England players did not feel comfortable in his presence.

"My wife [Jessie] is with me and my son here, so I have got everything that's important," said Pietersen. "I've been through a lot personally but now I'm moving on. I don't need to go into what has happened – it's not the most important thing in the world. It will be nice for me just to enjoy my cricket again and enjoy my family."

The 34-year-old Pietersen was first called up to the England team in 2004 after a stint playing county cricket for Somerset, Durham and Hampshire. He went on to become a star of the side, scoring more than 8,000 runs at an average of 47. His highest score is 196 not out against South Africa in Centurion in 2010, while he has scored 23 centuries and hit 140 sixes in international matches.

His career was nearly ruined by the infamous "textgate" controversy of 2012 when England were embroiled in a bitter row with India over an alleged text from Pietersen to a former Indian captain, Sourav Ganguly. The ECB eventually allowed him to play again but he did not regain his place for the final two tests against India and was subsequently dropped by coach Andy Flower ahead of England's tour of Australia later that year.

Pietersen was recalled to the side following a successful appeal for his reinstatement, before being sacked last March on the back of another clash with Flower over team selection. His omission from the one-day and Twenty20 squads to tour India in January prompted Pietersen to announce his retirement from international cricket.

He has been given a warm welcome at The Oval, though, after missing 17 days of Surrey's pre-season training programme due to illness. "It was very emotional – I thought they were going to cry," said Pietersen. "The guys have been working hard and they look in fantastic shape."

Surrey director of cricket Alec Stewart is delighted with the return of his former teammate: "He's one of the best players this country has ever produced so we are thrilled he's going to be back playing for Surrey. It'll be a massive lift and boost to everyone involved in the club."

Pietersen's last competitive appearance was against Australia at The Oval in July. "I want to play cricket and get runs on the board," he said. "Hopefully it will go well for us and I can help my county and play well for myself."