 out for the two Australians who were arrested with nine other members of the Bali Nine, an Indonesian drug gang attempting to smuggle heroin from Indonesia to Australia on a boat.

Chan and Sukumaran have been locked up in Kerobokan Prison for more than 10 years; the execution will be the last in their lives if the Indonesian government goes ahead with its plans to execute them on Wednesday. The other members of the Bali Nine who are still alive will be spared.

The two men have had their sentences commuted several times and even spent time out of prison, but were returned to jail by Indonesia's President Joko Widodo. They have been moved into a special isolation ward inside Kerobokan Prison.

"They're both feeling calm, very calm," said lawyer Julian McMahon, who visited the men last week and said they are prepared to die but are desperate for the government to save them from the firing squad. "They've made their peace with it."

Austraia's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has spoken with Indonesia's President Joko Widodo about the case, calling on him to exercise clemency. He said he would have liked a longer lead-in time for the executions but that the Australian government is doing all it can to try and stop them.

"I don't think you would underestimate how much effort our Government and I personally am making to ensure that these sentences are not carried out," Turnbull said in an interview with 2GB radio on Monday.

Foreign Minister Julie Bishop spoke about the case in parliament yesterday, saying: "We call upon the Indonesian government to show mercy." She also said she had written a letter to Widodo.

The Foreign Office said the two men have received consular assistance and that they have access to medical care.

"Australia's ambassador was able to meet with Andrew Chan earlier this month," a spokesperson for the department said in a statement. "This meeting followed two other visits over the past year."

The Bali Nine were arrested on 17 April 2005 and have been in jail ever since. They are among 68 people who will be executed for drug offences in Indonesia this week.