...

Boston (CNN)When the bomb went off, Steve Woolfenden thought he was still standing. That was because, as he lay on the ground, he was still holding the handles of his son's stroller. He pulled back the handles and saw that his son's feet were dangling.
Woolfenden and his family had been watching the marathon on Monday afternoon when they decided to leave their seats so that Woolfenden could take a photo with his phone. The photo, taken at 2:49 p.m., shows his son in the stroller, the boy's mother and a friend standing nearby.
After the picture was snapped, the family walked back up the street to where they had been sitting. But before they reached their seats, the bomb went off -- one of two that killed three people and wounded more than 170 at the Boston Marathon.
"The noise was very loud," Woolfenden said. "My first instinct was just to run." He saw his family falling in every direction around him. His wife, Kathryn, was on her back but she was not injured. Their friends, a father and daughter who were holding hands, both had their legs blown off, he said.
The explosion threw Woolfenden forward onto his face. "I thought that the bomb went off behind me," he recalled. As he lay on the ground, his first instinct was to check on his son.
He pulled back on the handles of the stroller and saw that his 16-month-old son's feet were dangling in the air. Woolfenden scooped him up and took off running. He knew he had to get away from there as quickly as possible, but didn't know where to go.
"Every street we ran down was blocked with cops," he said. "I knew I needed to get to a hospital, so I started to run towards the (Charles) River."
Woolfenden stopped briefly to ask directions from two police officers, who pointed him in the right direction. As he continued on his way, he kept thinking that this was all some kind of sick joke and that he would soon be home with his family, watching the marathon coverage on TV. "But when I finally got there (to the hospital), it just hit me," Woolfenden said.
He said he could feel blood rushing down to his feet as he walked into Massachusetts General Hospital. He was shocked by what he saw in the emergency room: dozens of wounded people lying all over the place, with doctors and nurses running around them. "You start to see how much worse this is than you thought," Woolfenden said. "That's when you realize that things have gotten very bad."
At first, doctors told Woolfenden they wanted to keep his son at the hospital overnight for observation, but as soon as the boy started to cry, they decided it would be best to send him home. Woolfenden and Kathryn took a cab back to their apartment, where they are staying with friends while they are in Boston.
Woolfenden said he's not sure how he will explain what happened to his son. "He was scared the first time we put him in a stroller," he said. "I think that this is going to be pretty traumatic for him."
At least one other member of Woolfenden's family may also have been injured in the blast, though there has been no confirmation from the hospital. His sister-in-law was also at the race and has not yet been heard from, he said. "It's just a really scary thing," he said. "I'm hoping that she's OK."
"We've come here for 25 years, and we love it here," Woolfenden said. "It just hurts that this happened in our favorite city."
He added: "We were just trying to have a good time."