

"I'm going to f*cking kill this bitch," wrote Dan Scavino Jr., who has been with Trump for 17 years and was his social media director during his successful presidential campaign.

The tweet came after a video emerged of Clinton talking about what she saw as the "golden opportunity" she missed in 2008 when then-Senator Barack Obama overtook her in the Democratic primary. The footage, from a closed door fundraiser on Tuesday night at New York's swanky Chelsea Hotel, shows Clinton discussing how Obama was "likeable enough to get elected but he didn't have the qualifications."

Clinton was responding to a question about why she lost the election to Obama in 2008 and then again in 2016 to Trump. In the video, Clinton tells attendees that she felt "such an obligation to help him because I thought he would be such an awesome president." But her effort backfired, she said: "I had a front row seat for what I considered a very successful transition. It was a really good moment for me and Barack."

As the video spread across social media on Tuesday, Clinton's critics accused her of being arrogant about Obama's presidency. But she also received some support from those who noted that Clinton had backed Obama over herself in 2008, despite the personal costs and political risks. Some said there was no doubt that the former secretary of state is qualified to be president — and would have made a better one than Obama.

Clinton's husband Bill was also mentioned frequently in comments on Twitter and Facebook as one of the people who helped Obama in 2008, after it became clear Clinton wouldn't win. On Wednesday, however, Hillary Clinton pushed back against the idea that she was an "obligation" to the Democratic Party or to former president Bill Clinton, saying she had decided long ago that she would not be a footnote to her husband's political career.

"I made decisions for myself," Clinton told reporters at a press conference in New York. "It was my choice not to run in 2004 because I believed that President Clinton should have the opportunity to serve his full two terms." She added, "I made my own decision to run in 2008 and to continue my public service career when I lost that election. And that is a choice I am proud of and not burdened by it."

The video of Clinton at Tuesday's fundraiser also includes what seems like a dig at Trump, with the former secretary of state saying she was surprised about the support for Obama among female voters — who she said "hadn't been raised to think that they were prepared to be president of the United States."

The comments about Clinton from Trump's staffer have not generated much outrage on social media, though a few people are calling it "classless" and saying it is a sign of the current political climate. But a majority of those commenting on Scavino's retweet seem to agree that Hillary Clinton deserved a punch in the face.

The tweet was not taken down as of 10:30 a.m. ET Thursday, but Scavino's account had been suspended from Twitter at least once before — for "inciting violence" against protesters. He told The Hill that his suspension last July was a mistake and said he has been in contact with Twitter about the issue since then.

In fact, Scavino appears to have taken down other tweets that also used the phrase "f*cking kill," which were originally retweeted on August 14 by Trump's son Eric. One of those retweets showed a picture of Hillary Clinton with a noose around her neck; the other was a photo of what appeared to be an older white man in a t-shirt that said "F*ck Obama" and also had a noose around his neck, but the tweet included a message reading: "This is how we will get back at Obama for destroying this country."

In response to questions about Scavino's original August 14 post on Hillary Clinton, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said in a statement, "Dan has been with Mr. Trump for almost two decades and has always operated within the law. These comments were not made by Mr. Trump but in his capacity as the candidate's social media manager he retweeted them." She also said the original tweet was "not intended to be threatening" and that it was "simply an expression of opinion that many Americans felt during the campaign."

But Scavino has previously been accused of using Twitter to incite violence. In March 2016, he retweeted a message from Eric Trump, who wrote: "How about we take the Trump Tower, throw Hillary Clinton and her entire administration out the top floor window, and let them die?"

Eric Trump later apologized for his comments after Scavino posted them to Twitter. But as The Hill notes, Scavino has not apologized for his own tweet.