 seems that his problems began long before he ascended the throne of Zululand in 1971 as a traditional prince.

King Goodwill Zwelithini ka Bhekuzulu was born on July 5, 1948 into one of the world's most famous royal dynasties which had been allied to the British crown since the early 20th century. He is the fifth son of King Cyprian Bhekuzulu and Queen Shiyana kaNdlovu (nee Mtshali) and a direct descendant of the founder of the Zulu Kingdom, Shaka Zulu.

His parents were married on May 12, 1948 and it is thought he may have been born only days later as there was no official birth announcement, something which is common practice in the royal family.

The young prince grew up at KwaKhangelamankengane Royal Palace outside Pietermaritzburg - a sprawling compound where his parents lived with their entourage and his father's first two wives who had produced nine children between them.

His mother, Queen Shiyana kaNdlovu died when he was five and his father remarried soon after. His new stepmother gave birth to four sons - including two twins - but the young prince did not get on with her and they spent their lives in conflict, something which is said to have contributed to his troubled relationship with women.

But it is perhaps his relationship with his father which caused him the most problems.

The king was known for his love of whisky and women and he drank heavily during his reign. His second wife, who bore him his sons including Zwelithini, was also known to be a heavy drinker. When she died in 1966, he refused to attend her funeral because he had been drinking.

There are unconfirmed reports that the king had another mistress - one of the maids at KwaKhangelamankengane Palace who gave birth to a daughter but the prince refused to acknowledge the child and she was taken away by her mother.

The young prince was also said to be fond of liquor - something which is thought may have contributed to his problems as he grew older. He had already developed a reputation for being outspoken when in 1970, aged just 22, he became king following the death of his father King Cyprian Bhekuzulu after a long illness.

In December the same year, the prince married his first wife and the couple went on to have one son who died in infancy and three daughters. But she is said to have been a shy woman and in 1984 it was announced that she was divorcing her husband because she was unhappy with their marriage.

In August 1972, six months after his wedding, the young king made headlines when he was admitted to hospital for treatment of injuries sustained during a fight at a night club in Durban. He had been seen dancing with a white woman and her mother and the argument led to an alleged brawl which left him injured and needing medical treatment.

That incident is thought to be one of the reasons why the young king began to distance himself from white people. It also appeared that he was keen to assert his power in a country where many Zulu people were angry about the new post-apartheid government's refusal to grant their homeland independence and create a Zulu nation which they believed would help them overcome their poverty.

He made headlines when he demanded the return of land owned by the British crown including Sandhurst Barracks, in Pietermaritzburg, where his grandfather King Solomon kaDinuzulu had been executed. The land was not returned.

A year after his father's death the young king's marriage collapsed and it is claimed that he has since fathered a total of 24 children with 15 different women - including one who was an alleged former girlfriend of South African President Jacob Zuma.

He became known for being a heavy drinker - often visiting bars and clubs with his entourage and drinking to excess. In December 1987, he was admitted to hospital after he suffered a heart attack while out partying in Durban. His condition was said to be serious but he survived.

He has since been in and out of hospital several times as a result of health problems, including a bout of tuberculosis which he said left him struggling with his memory and ability to think clearly. He later admitted he had suffered an alcohol problem when he was younger.

But his relationship with alcohol is thought to have contributed to many of the scandals that have dogged his reign - not least after he made headlines for the first time in 1983 when it was reported that a local magistrate had fined him 3,000 rand for causing a disturbance after being refused service at a bar.

He appeared before Pietermaritzburg Magistrates' Court charged with public indecency and drunkenness after he allegedly urinated outside the bar in the early hours of the morning. The magistrate fined him 3,000 rand but waived payment as long as he apologised to the police officer who had been called to the scene.

The incident caused widespread anger among the Zulu people and he was later forced to make a public apology after hundreds of people gathered outside KwaKhangelamankengane Palace to voice their disapproval at his actions.

It is thought that he has since fallen out with some members of his family, including his half-brother Prince Mangosuthu Buthelezi - the leader of the Inkatha Freedom Party which had campaigned against apartheid. The prince is said to have been disillusioned by the new South African government's refusal to recognise the Zulu nation and create a separate state for the Zulu people in KwaZulu-Natal - and has blamed Mr Buthelezi for betraying his father who had also been against the idea.

But he is known for being close to former South African President Nelson Mandela, whom he met in 1960 and called "Baba" (father). He was reportedly at Mr Mandela's side when he died aged 95 on December 5, 2013. The president's family invited him to attend the funeral and he is said to have travelled from his home in KwaZulu-Natal to Johannesburg by helicopter.

During his long reign there were more scandals and allegations - including claims that he had fathered a son with a local woman who worked on his farms and allegedly forced her to abort the child. He was also accused of having an affair with a married white woman, but he denied these rumours and said they were unfounded.

In 1999, he was embroiled in controversy when he reportedly told a crowd of supporters that it was a mistake for Zulu people to marry outside the tribe because their offspring could not be trusted. He later apologised but his comments were widely condemned as racist by some members of society who said they promoted inter-racial tensions between South Africa's white minority and the country's black majority population.

He made headlines again in 2011 after he was admitted to hospital for treatment of a severe ear infection which had caused him intense pain. He was reportedly unable to sleep because of it and had been on antibiotics for more than two months without any improvement. He said doctors were forced to operate on the problem because his condition continued to deteriorate.

He is thought to have been unhappy when his second wife died in 2015 aged 69 after suffering from a long illness. She had suffered with Alzheimer's disease for more than a decade before she passed away and he said that she would be sorely missed by all who knew her.

His third wife is Mantfombi Dlamini Zulu - the granddaughter of King Solomon kaDinuzulu and a direct descendant of Shaka Zulu. The couple are believed to have been dating for several years before they tied the knot in 2016, with his entourage organising a lavish celebration at KwaKhangelamankengane Palace which was attended by members of royal families from around the world.

He has two children - Prince Simakade and Princess Nokwanda who are both aged in their mid 20s - as well as other relatives who have been born through his marriage to Mantfombi Dlamini Zulu, including a daughter called Princess Phumla Ndlovu who was born on June 8, 2016.

It is thought that he has since retired from public life but is still seen as one of the most important members of the royal family in KwaZulu-Natal province where his ancestors ruled before becoming part of South Africa after World War II.

He is believed to be worth around R50 million (£2.8 million) which he has used for charitable work including paying school fees and building schools, as well as giving money to organisations that help those in need such as orphanages and Aids sufferers.

But it is his relationship with the country's black majority population which has made him a target of attacks by violent gangs who say