As Kaveh, Collei, Tighnari, and Alhaitham entered the theater, they were immediately struck by the sight of a newborn baby on stage. They rushed over to her and noticed that she was crying loudly.

"What happened here?" asked Kaveh, looking around the theater.

Collei scanned the area quickly and replied, "There's no sign of Nilou anywhere. It looks like someone gave birth here."

Tighnari examined the baby closely and said, "She doesn't look healthy. Her breathing is shallow and her skin is pale."

Alhaitham nodded in agreement and pulled out his healing staff. "I need to see if I can stabilize her," he said as he began to examine Indigo closely.

Kaveh looked around the theater once again, trying to figure out where Nilou could be. He suddenly remembered something that Layla had told them earlier - that Nilou was practicing for the upcoming festival. "Wait a minute," he said. "Could this baby be premature? Maybe she gave birth while practicing and doesn't know it yet."

Collei looked at him skeptically, but Tighnari nodded in agreement. "It's possible. We need to find Nilou and get her to a hospital," he said.

Alhaitham continued to examine Indigo, trying to find out what was wrong with her. He noticed that she had a small cut on her head and a bruise on her arm. "She's been hurt," he said.

Kaveh looked around the theater once again, this time more carefully. Suddenly, he noticed something - a piece of fabric caught on a jagged edge of a broken prop. He pulled it out and held it up to the light. It was a piece of Nilou's costume. "That's it," he said. "Nilou must have given birth while practicing and accidentally cut herself."

Collei nodded in agreement. "We need to find her quickly," she said.

Tighnari stood up and began to scan the area, looking for any clues about Nilou's whereabouts. Suddenly, he noticed something - a pair of footprints leading away from the theater.

"Follow me," he said, leading the group towards the footprints.

As they followed the footprints, they eventually found Nilou in a nearby alleyway, lying on the ground and holding her newborn baby in her arms. She looked exhausted and was clearly in pain.

"What happened?" asked Kaveh, kneeling down beside her.

Nilou looked up at him with tears in her eyes. "I gave birth prematurely," she said. "I didn't realize until it was too late. I was practicing for the festival and accidentally cut myself. It's been hours and I don't know what to do."

Alhaitham quickly examined Nilou and found that she had a severe infection in her womb. He shook his head gravely. "She needs immediate medical attention," he said. "I can't stabilize her here."

Tighnari nodded in agreement. "We need to get her to a hospital," he said.

Collei looked at Nilou and Indigo, then back at the group. "We should call for an ambulance," she said.

Kaveh quickly pulled out his phone and began to dial. As they waited for the ambulance to arrive, they took turns holding Indigo and comforting Nilou.

Finally, the ambulance arrived and Nilou was rushed to the hospital. The rest of the group followed behind, hoping that she would pull through.