Natsuki: "Huh? That's weird... What was that?"

(Natsuki continues reading her manga, but soon she feels two more kicks - one after the other. She puts down her book and looks around.)

Natsuki: "Okay, okay! Mama's here!"

{FLASHBACK}

(Natsuki runs over to the clubroom door and opens it. She sees a group of small children gathered in front of her, all with their arms outstretched as if they want her to come closer.)

Natsuki: "Wow! You guys are so cute! What do you want?"

(One of the children speaks up, holding out his hand.)

Child 1: "Please, Mama! We want a baby!"

(Natsuki's heart skips a beat as she realizes that her triplets have started kicking already.)

Natsuki: "Uh... I'm not sure... Can we get you some snacks or something?"

{FLASHBACK}

(Natsuki turns around and starts to walk away, but then one of the children grabs onto her arm.)

Child 2: "No, Mama! We want a baby!"

(Another child pushes forward with his arms outstretched.)

Child 3: "Please, Mama! A baby for me!"

Natsuki's mind is racing as she tries to figure out what to do. She knows that her triplets are still only four months old and she has no idea if they are ready yet. But the thought of being able to have more children fills her heart with joy. She looks around at all of them, trying to make a decision.)

Natsuki: "Okay, okay! Mama's pregnant!"

{FLASHBACK}

(Natsuki turns back to the clubroom and smiles. The children squeal with excitement and hug her tightly. Natsuki feels happy, but also a little nervous about what she's just said.)

Natsuki: "Okay, okay. Mama's pregnant!" (Repeated)

{FLASHBACK}

(Natsuki is standing in the middle of the clubroom, surrounded by children who are all holding out their arms as if they want her to come closer. She smiles and walks forward, taking each child's hand.)

Natsuki: "Okay, okay! Mama's pregnant!" (Repeated)

{FLASHBACK}

(Natsuki is sitting in the clubroom, looking at pictures of her triplets with tears in her eyes. She knows that she'll never be able to have more children, but she can still dream.)

Natsuki: "I love you guys so much."