The businesswoman woke up to a strange feeling. She couldn't quite put her finger on it, but something was off. As she looked down at herself, she realized that her ample breasts had been replaced by a flat chest. She had a male bulge and was now a femboy, a man who looks almost exactly like a woman.
Confused and disoriented, she looked around her bedroom. She saw that she was wearing a sundress and had a mental compulsion to use male pronouns and a male name.
As she tried to make sense of what was happening, she heard footsteps coming from the hallway. She looked up to see her rival, whom she had been in a fierce competition with for years, walking into her bedroom.
"Hey there," he said, smiling at her. "I hope you're having a good day."
The businesswoman felt a strange mixture of confusion and fear. She knew that her rival was notorious for being ruthless and cunning, but she couldn't help but feel drawn to him.
As they talked, the businesswoman realized that her rival had a plan to stop their intense rivalry. He had employed a witch to cast a spell on her, turning her into a femboy in order to make her more attractive to him.
At first, the businesswoman was horrified by the situation. She didn't want to be a femboy, and she certainly didn't want to be attracted to her rival. But as they spent more time together, she began to see him in a new light.
He seemed genuinely interested in making their relationship work, despite their history of competition. He was a loving breadwinning husband, always making sure that his new wife had everything she needed. And as they talked, the businesswoman realized that she was beginning to develop feelings for him.
Despite her initial shock and confusion, the businesswoman knew that she couldn't deny the way she felt about her rival. She was drawn to him, despite their history of competition. And as they continued to spend time together, she knew that she would have to confront her fears and embrace her new form in order to make their relationship work.