B.) Treatments are randomly assigned to subjects within each block.

Since there are eight faces on the die and three of them are blue, the probability of getting blue on any given toss is 3/8. The probability of getting a non-blue color (red or yellow) on any given toss is 5/8.
Let's use complementary probability to solve this problem:
1. First, we need to determine the probability that blue doesn't land faceup at all in the game. This means that the player tosses the die an infinite number of times and never gets a blue face.
2. Since there are no other colors on the die except for blue, this event is impossible (i.e., has a probability of 0).
3. However, we can use complementary probability to calculate the probability that blue lands faceup at least once in the game: P(Blue lands faceup at least once) = 1 - P(Blue doesn't land faceup at all).
4. Plugging in the probabilities from steps 2 and 3, we get: P(Blue lands faceup at least once) = 1 - (0) = 1.
5. Now we need to calculate the probability that blue lands faceup exactly once in the game. This means that the player tosses the die until blue lands faceup, then tosses it again until a non-blue color lands faceup.
6. The probability of getting a blue face on the first toss is 3/8, and the probability of getting a non-blue face on the second toss is 5/8 (since we know that there are no other colors on the die except for blue).
7. So the probability of getting blue on the first toss and then a non-blue color on the second toss is (3/8) * (5/8) = 15/64.
8. The probability of getting a non-blue color on the first toss and then blue on the second toss is (5/8) * (3/8) = 15/64.
9. Adding these probabilities together, we get: P(Blue lands faceup exactly once) = 15/64 + 15/64 = 30/64.
10. Finally, to calculate the probability that a player will toss the die at least 2 times before blue lands faceup, we need to add this probability to the probability that blue doesn't land faceup at all (which has a probability of 0): P(At least 2 tosses) = P(Blue lands faceup exactly once) + 0 = 30/64.
So the answer is 30/64, or approximately 0.4375.

The method used to solve a problem using AP Statistics depends on the nature of the problem. Here are some examples:

1. Describing Data: You can use measures of central tendency (mean, median, mode) and spread (range, standard deviation) to describe data sets. For example, if you have a set of test scores for your class, you could calculate the mean score and find the range of scores to get an idea of how spread out they are.
2. Inferring Population Properties: You can use hypothesis testing to infer properties of a population based on sample data. For example, if you take a random sample from a bag of marbles, you could use a hypothesis test to determine whether the average weight of the marbles is greater than 2 grams or less than 1 gram.
3. Analyzing Relationships: You can use regression analysis to analyze the relationship between two variables. For example, if you want to know how many hours students spend studying for a test and their exam scores, you could collect data on these variables and use regression analysis to determine if there is a relationship between them.
4. Sampling: You can use sampling techniques to select a representative sample from a population. For example, if you want to know the opinion of all voters in a city, you could take a random sample of voters and use this sample to infer the opinions of the entire city.
5. Error Analysis: You can use error analysis to estimate uncertainty in measurements. For example, if you measure the length of a room using a tape measure, you could estimate the error in your measurement by considering factors such as the precision of the tape measure and any measurement errors that might have occurred.

These are just a few examples of how AP Statistics can be used to solve problems. It is important to note that the specific method used will depend on the problem being solved and the data available.