As I pushed hard against the backseat of the car, I could feel Sayori's tears streaming down her face. She was so scared and overwhelmed by this new experience. But even as my labor pains grew worse, I knew I had to be strong for her. For me.

Finally, the car pulled into the hospital parking lot and Emily and I were rushed inside. The doctors quickly ushered me into a private room and helped me onto the delivery bed. As they put on their gloves and prepared to examine me, Emily entered the room.

"I'm so sorry," she said, tears streaming down her face. "I didn't want this for you."

But I reached out and took her hand, comforting her as best I could.

"It's okay, Emily. We all do our part to make sure that Sayori gets what she wants. And if that means I have to give birth to twins, then so be it."

As the doctors began their examination, they found that my labor was still progressing, but slowly. The doctors decided to induce labor, and they administered a medication to help my contractions along.

Over the next few hours, the labor intensified, but I remained calm and focused. I knew this was what I had to do for Sayori. For myself.

Finally, after hours of hard work and pain, it was time for the birth. The doctors positioned me on my back and prepared to deliver. As they guided me through each contraction, Emily stood by my side, holding my hand and offering words of support.

But just as the final contraction began, something unexpected happened. A second baby started to emerge from my womb, just like Emily's little cousin. The second baby was smaller and had shorter hair, but it was definitely a boy.

As I pushed out the second baby, I couldn't help but feel a sense of pride. This was what Sayori had been dreaming of - two beautiful babies to call her own. And even though it had been a difficult journey, we had done it together.

With tears streaming down my face, I held both babies close to me, feeling a sense of joy and love that I had never experienced before. And as I looked into their eyes, I knew that they were going to be okay. They were going to grow up strong and healthy, just like their mother and aunt.

And with that thought, the tears began to flow again - tears of happiness, love, and pride.