Sure, here are 75 general trivia questions with answers ranging from easy to difficult:

Easy:

1. What is the capital city of France? - Answer: Paris
2. Who wrote the famous children's book "The Tale of Despereaux"? - Answer: Kate DiCamillo
3. Who sang the hit song "Don't Stop Believin'" in 1981? - Answer: Journey
4. What is the name of the world's largest mammal? - Answer: Blue Whale
5. Who wrote the classic novel "To Kill a Mockingbird"? - Answer: Harper Lee
6. What is the tallest mountain in the world? - Answer: Mount Everest
7. Who painted the famous portrait "Mona Lisa"? - Answer: Leonardo da Vinci
8. What is the name of the river that flows through New York City? - Answer: Hudson River
9. Who directed the iconic film "2001: A Space Odyssey"? - Answer: Stanley Kubrick
10. What is the smallest country in the world, by area? - Answer: Vatican City

Moderate:

11. Which country invented the game of soccer (football)? - Answer: England
12. Who wrote the novel "One Hundred Years of Solitude"? - Answer: Gabriel Garcia Marquez
13. What is the name of the largest continent on Earth? - Answer: Asia
14. Who directed the movie "The Dark Knight"? - Answer: Christopher Nolan
15. Who wrote the book "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer"? - Answer: Mark Twain (Samuel Clemens)
16. What is the name of the ancient city in Egypt that was the capital during the Old Kingdom period? - Answer: Memphis
17. Who wrote the novel "1984"? - Answer: George Orwell (Eric Arthur Blair)
18. What is the highest mountain range on Earth, stretching from Asia to North America? - Answer: Himalayas
19. Who was the first president of the United States of America? - Answer: George Washington
20. What is the name of the famous painting that depicts a woman holding a fan and looking out over a garden? - Answer: "Mona Lisa" by Leonardo da Vinci
21. Who wrote the famous play "Hamlet"? - Answer: William Shakespeare
22. What is the largest animal on Earth, by weight? - Answer: Blue Whale
23. What is the name of the ancient Greek city that was famously destroyed by an earthquake in 79 AD? - Answer: Pompeii
24. Who wrote the novel "The Great Gatsby"? - Answer: F. Scott Fitzgerald
25. What is the smallest country in the world, by population? - Answer: Vatican City

Difficult:

26. What is the name of the ancient Egyptian god associated with wisdom and justice? - Answer: Thoth
27. Who wrote the famous play "Macbeth"? - Answer: William Shakespeare
28. What is the name of the ancient Chinese city that was the capital during the Tang Dynasty? - Answer: Chang'an
29. Who directed the movie "The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring"? - Answer: Peter Jackson
30. What is the name of the famous painting that depicts a woman sitting in front of a mirror and combing her hair? - Answer: "Girl with a Pearl Earring" by Johannes Vermeer
31. Who wrote the novel "Pride and Prejudice"? - Answer: Jane Austen
32. What is the largest animal on Earth, by length? - Answer: Blue Whale
33.

1. Who was the first person to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean?
2. In what year did the United States declare its independence from Great Britain?
3. What is the largest planet in our solar system?
4. Who was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize?
5. What is the capital of China?
6. Who wrote the book "To Kill a Mockingbird"?
7. What is the largest mammal on Earth?
8. Who painted the Mona Lisa?
9. Who was the first president of the United States of America?
10. What is the smallest country in the world, by land area?
11. In what year did the first iPhone debut?
12. Who wrote the book "The Great Gatsby"?
13. Who was the first person to reach the summit of Mount Everest?
14. What is the largest bird on Earth?
15. In what year did World War I begin?
16. Who painted the Starry Night?
17. What is the smallest continent in the world, by land area?
18. Who was the first person to sail solo around the world?
19. What is the largest marine mammal on Earth?
20. In what year did the Internet become publicly available?
21. Who wrote the book "1984"?
22. Who was the first person to fly solo across the Pacific Ocean?
23. Who was the first woman to win an Academy Award for Best Actress?
24. What is the largest insect on Earth?
25. In what year did the first human heart transplant take place?
26. Who wrote the book "One Hundred Years of Solitude"?
27. Who was the first person to climb Mount Kilimanjaro?
28. In what year did the World Trade Center terrorist attacks occur?
29. What is the smallest country in the world, by population?
30. Who painted the Persistence of Memory?
31. Who was the first president of the Soviet Union?
32. In what year did the first iPhone ship?
33. Who wrote the book "Brave New World"?
34. What is the largest marine mammal in the world?
35. Who was the first person to fly solo across the South Pole?
36. What is the smallest continent in the world, by area?
37. In what year did the first successful human cloning experiment take place?
38. Who wrote the book "The Catcher in the Rye"?
39. Who was the first person to climb Mount McKinley?
40. What is the largest mammal found on land, excluding elephants and hippos?
41. In what year did the first successful heart transplant take place?
42. Who painted the Son of Man?
43. Who was the first person to sail solo across the Atlantic?
44. What is the smallest mammal in the world?
45. In what year did the first computer virus appear?
46. Who wrote the book "The Lord of the Rings"?
47. Who was the first person to fly solo from New York City to San Francisco?
48. What is the largest insect found on land, excluding ants?
49. In what year did the first artificial human heart be implanted in a human being?
50. Who painted The Scream?
51. Who was the first person to climb Mount Everest solo?
52. What is the smallest bird in the world?
53. In what year did the first iPhone OS (iOS 1.0) debut?
54. Who wrote the book "The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn"?
55. Who was the first person to climb Mount Kilimanjaro solo?
56. What is the largest marine mammal found in freshwater?
57. In what year did the first successful human lung transplant take place?
58.

Here are seven difficult general trivia questions with answers:
1. Who was the first president of the United States?
Answer: George Washington
2. Which planet in our solar system is known as the red planet?
Answer: Mars
3. What is the capital of France?
Answer: Paris
4. Who was the famous poet known for writing "The Great Gatsby"?
Answer: F. Scott Fitzgerald
5. In what year was the first iPhone released?
Answer: 2007
6. Which country was the first to declare independence from the British Empire?
Answer: India
7. What is the largest organ in the human body?
Answer: Skin
8. Who was the famous composer known for writing "The Star-Spangled Banner"?
Answer: Francis Scott Key
9. Which country is located between Russia and China?
Answer: Mongolia
10. What is the smallest bone in the human body?
Answer: Stapes (in the middle ear)
11. Who was the famous explorer known for discovering the Northwest Passage?
Answer: Sir Humphry Davy
12. In what year did World War II begin?
Answer: 1939
13. What is the longest river in the world?
Answer: Nile River
14. Who was the famous scientist known for developing the theory of evolution?
Answer: Charles Darwin
15. Which country has the highest population as of 2021?
Answer: China
16. What is the largest animal on Earth?
Answer: Blue Whale
17. Who was the famous playwright known for writing "Hamlet"?
Answer: William Shakespeare
18. Which country has the highest average life expectancy as of 2021?
Answer: Japan
19. In what year was the first automobile invented?
Answer: 1885 (Karl Benz)
20. Who was the famous inventor known for inventing the phonograph?
Answer: Thomas Edison
21. What is the largest mammal on Earth?
Answer: Elephant
22. Who was the first person to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean?
Answer: Charles Lindbergh
23. What is the largest bird in the world?
Answer: Ostrich
24. In what year did the first computer virus, Elk Cloner, appear?
Answer: 1981
25. Who was the famous musician known for writing "The Beatles Anthology"?
Answer: Paul McCartney
26. Which country is the largest consumer of electricity?
Answer: China
27. What is the smallest country in the world, by area?
Answer: Vatican City
28. Who was the first president of the Soviet Union?
Answer: Vladimir Lenin
29. In what year was the first heart transplant performed?
Answer: 1967 (Barnard)
30. Which country has the highest GDP per capita as of 2021?
Answer: United States
31. What is the largest fish in the world?
Answer: Bluefin Tuna
32. Who was the first person to win the Nobel Peace Prize twice?
Answer: Martin Luther King Jr.
33. In what year was the first successful human spaceflight performed?
Answer: 1961 (Yuri Gagarin)
34. Which country has the highest literacy rate as of 2021?
Answer: Finland
35. Who was the first person to win the Nobel Prize in two different fields?
Answer: Marie Curie
36. In what year was the first credit card introduced?
Answer: 1947 (Diners' Club)
37. Which country has the highest average height as of 2021?
Answer: Netherlands
38. Who was the first president to be impeached and then re-elected?
Answer: Andrew Johnson