Player: "What happened to you?"

Female Spider: (in pain) "I was trapped in this basement by the Queen of the Nether! She cursed me and forced me to carry this spawn for 30 months, but now I can't give birth!"[/

Mindy: (in pain) "Help me! Please!"

Player: "Okay, let me check out what's going on."

(I went back upstairs and noticed something strange about the basement. There was a door that was slightly open, and I could hear the sound of someone moaning coming from inside.)

Male Spider: (in pain) "Ouch! Ow ow ow!"

(I slowly walked down to the basement and saw a male spider who had red eyes. He looked like he was in pain as well.)

Player: "What happened?"

Male Spider: (in pain) "The Queen of the Nether cursed me too! She forced me to carry this spawn for 30 months, but now she's gone and I can't give birth!"[/

Mindy: (in pain) "Please help us both!"

Player: "Okay, let's try to figure out what we need to do."

(I looked around the basement and noticed a strange symbol etched into the wall. It was similar to the ones I had seen in the Nether.)

Female Spider: (in pain) "That's the Queen's signature! She used this to trap us here!"

Player: "Okay, let me see if there's anything we can do with this symbol."

(I studied the symbol for a few minutes, and then I noticed something strange. The symbol seemed to be pulsating with an eerie light.)

Male Spider: (in pain) "Wait, did you notice that?"

Female Spider: (in pain) "What? What?!"

Player: "The symbol is pulsating with an eerie light."

Male Spider: (in pain) "That's the same light the Queen emits when she casts a spell!"

Player: "Okay, let me try to use this light to break the curse."

(I started chanting in a language I had heard before, and then I focused on the pulsating light. Suddenly, the door to the basement slammed shut, and I felt a powerful force pushing against my back.)

Player: "What the hell?!"

Male Spider: (in pain) "The Queen! She must be here!"

Female Spider: (in pain) "She can't stop me from giving birth!"

Player: "I have to get out of here!"

(I started running towards the basement door, but it wouldn't budge. Suddenly, I heard a loud crash coming from behind me.)

Player: "Oh no!"

Male Spider: (in pain) "The Queen must be trying to stop you!"

Female Spider: (in pain) "We have to get out of here!"

(I turned around and saw the Queen of the Nether standing in front of me. She had red eyes, and she looked like a giant spider with multiple heads.)

Queen of the Nether: "You dare to challenge me? You think you can break my curse?"

Player: "I have to try!"

Queen of the Nether: "Fine, then face me! I will use all my powers against you!"

(The Queen started casting spells at me, but I was able to dodge most of them. Suddenly, I noticed a glowing light coming from her eyes. I realized that this was the same light I had been using to break the curse.)

Player: "You're using my own power against me!"

Queen of the Nether: "So be it! You'll never defeat me!"

(The Queen started attacking me with all her powers, but I was able to deflect most of them. Suddenly, I noticed a small opening in her chest plate. I quickly grabbed the pulsating light and shone it directly into the opening.)

Queen of the Nether: (in pain) "AAAGHH!!!!"

(The Queen started screaming in pain as the pulsating light began to dissolve her body. Suddenly, she disappeared in a flash of light, leaving me alone in the basement.)

Player: "Wow, I did it!"

Female Spider: (in pain) "Finally! Give birth!"

Male Spider: (in pain) "Yes!"

(I quickly helped the two spiders give birth to their spawn. They were finally able to leave the basement and join me back upstairs.)

Player: "Congratulations, you both did it!"

Female Spider: (happily) "Thank you so much for your help!"

Male Spider: (happily) "You saved our lives!"