Amatsumagatsuchi: "Five girls...I've never seen anything like this."

Cupa: "Hello, I'm Cupa. This is Vanessa, Andr, Blazette, and Ayumi."

Vanessa: "And you are?"

Amatsumagatsuchi: "Amatsumagatsuchi. And what do you all have on? These outfits remind me of some of the monsters in this world."

Andr: "I'm wearing a Creeper suit, but I don't see any resemblance to the girls."

Blazette: "I have on an Enderman suit, and my red glass-like spheres are glowing."

Cupa: "My green hoodie is blowing in the wind. I feel like a Skeleton."

Vanessa: "And I'm wearing a Cave Spider suit - but nothing like Ayumi's."

Amatsumagatsuchi: "Yes, Ayumi's outfit resembles a dragon. But why is she in pain?"

Ayumi: (looking at Amatsumagatsuchi) I don't know either...I feel like there's something inside of me that's not right.

Amatsumagatsuchi: "Wait, Ayumi - do you have a weapon? And did you have any unexplained sickness before?"

Ayumi: "Yes, I have a bow and arrows. And yes, my stomach emitted winds that looked like yours."

Amatsumagatsuchi: "I see...and the final flashback showed a hybrid of human and...me? What does that mean?"

Cupa: "Maybe Ayumi is pregnant with your baby."

Vanessa: "But why didn't she tell us? And how did you find her?"

Amatsumagatsuchi: "I was searching for a new place to live, and somehow my mystical energy found its way to Ayumi. I received several flashbacks of her - including the one that showed her belly growing rapidly."

Andr: "But how did you know she was pregnant? And why would you want to be a father?"

Amatsumagatsuchi: "I don't know. It just feels like something is missing, and I think Ayumi might be the key to unlocking it."

Amatsumagatsuchi: "Something is off about Ayumi. She should have gone into labor by now."

Cupa: "I've been reading up on the elder dragons, and I found something interesting. An Amatsumagatsuchi can only be born during intense storms."

Amatsumagatsuchi: "What? That's impossible. I have the power to create a storm, surely it should happen."

Cupa: "I wish I knew why your powers aren't working, but it could be due to various reasons."

Storm Serpents: (appearing)

Amatsumagatsuchi: "What are you? Why did you come?"

Storm Serpent: "We're the storm serpents Ibushi and Narwa. We heard of Ayumi's situation and we came to help."

Amatsumagatsuchi: "I thought I could handle this myself, but I guess not."

Cupa: "The storm is happening now, thanks to the serpents. Ayumi should go into labor soon."

Ayumi (giving birth): "It's happening! I can feel the baby!"

Amatsumagatsuchi: "Congratulations, Ayumi. Thank you serpents for your help."

Storm Serpent: "No problem, Amatsumagatsuchi. It was our duty to protect and support life."

Ayumi: "So, how have you been since Amaya was born?"

Amatsumagatsuchi: "I've been good, thank you for asking. How about yourself and the little one?"

Vanessa: "Honestly, I'm feeling a bit sick. But I don't know why."

Amatsumagatsuchi: (looking confused) "Wait, what happened to Amaya? You just had her, right?"

Ayumi: "Yes, that's correct. But I think you need to tell us something, Vanessa. What was up with the one-night stand with Arachnus?"

Vanessa: (shrugs) "I don't really remember much about it. It was just a random encounter."

Amatsumagatsuchi: "But why are you feeling sick all of a sudden? And what's this Arachnus guy?"

The next day, Ayumi and Amatsumagatsuchi bring Vanessa to a healer. The response is unexpected to say the least. After getting a scan of her belly, it's revealed that 20 spider eggs have formed in Vanessa's belly - thankfully, the eggs don't seem close to hatching yet. It would take them around 9 more months until they spider eggs are ready to hatch.

Vanessa: "What? How did I get spider eggs inside me? And why didn't I know about this before?"

Ayumi: "We were hoping to find a cause for your sudden sickness, but it looks like the eggs can't be surgically removed without causing harm to either you or the eggs."

Vanessa: "Wait, what? These are Arachnus's children, right?"

Amatsumagatsuchi: "And yours as well. I think Vanessa has a connection with them - it's as if the eggs want to stay inside her forever."

Vanessa: (confused) "But why would they want to stay inside me? And what happens when they hatch?"

Ayumi: "We'll have to wait and see. But for now, we just need to make sure you're taking care of yourself and Amaya."

Cupa: Hey Vanessa, what's going on in your room? I noticed some cobwebs lately.

Vanessa: Oh, cupa. It's nothing. Just some spiders. They're not bothering me.

Cupa: Spiders? You mean like the ones Arachnus made?

Vanessa: Yeah, I think so. They hatched from the eggs I kept in my belly for a few months now.

Cupa: That's weird. Why didn't they come out when you were pregnant?

Vanessa: I don't know. Maybe they were too small or didn't have enough space. Anyway, it's not like they can climb through me or anything.

Mindy (entering the room): Hey guys! What's going on in here? I saw some cobwebs too. And Vanessa, you look different.

Vanessa: Oh, mindy. It's nothing. Just a bit tired. And you know how arachnus was born under a blood moon? Well, there's gonna be one rising in two months. I think that's why the spiders hatched now.

Mindy: A blood moon? That's rare. Is it going to be a full moon?

Vanessa: Yeah, I think so. It has to be a full moon for me to give birth under it.

Mindy: Wait, what do you mean? You can give birth under a full moon?

Vanessa: Yeah, because that's when Arachnus was born. And since he's half spider-human, I guess his genes are influencing the eggs too.

Cupa: But how do we make it a full blood moon? There's no way to force one, right?

Mindy: No, there isn't. We'll just have to wait and see. And Vanessa, you need to be careful. I don't want anything bad happening to you or the babies.

Vanessa: Don't worry, mindy. I know what I'm doing. I just need to be patient.

Mindy: "Hey Vanessa, are you ready for a sibling adventure?"
Vanessa: "Sure, let's do it!"
Mindy: "Great! I heard there's a new park in town. Wanna check it out?"
Vanessa: "Sounds like fun. Let's go!"

(They arrive at the park and begin exploring)

Mindy: "This place is amazing! Look at all the cool trees."
Vanessa: "Yeah, they're so tall. I wonder if there's a treehouse we can climb up."
Mindy: "Let's check it out. Hey Vanessa, watch where you're stepping!"
Vanessa: "Oh, sorry! Look at that - it's a big spider web. What do you think? Should we go in?"
Mindy: "No way, I'm afraid of spiders. But wait, who's that fighting over there?"
Vanessa: "What? Oh no, what are they doing?"
Mindy: "It looks like Dragalisk is attacking Arachnus."
Vanessa: "Oh my god, I hope everything will be okay. What are we gonna do?"
Mindy: "I don't know, but I think we should help them. Hey Vanessa, let's go over there and see if we can intervene."
Vanessa: "Are you sure? What about the spiders?"
Mindy: "It'll be okay, just follow me. Hey Vanessa, watch out for those xenoversal blasts!"
Vanessa: "I see, I think they're fighting over something important. Arachnus seems to be trying to protect it."
Mindy: "Oh, I get it now. Let's go and help them fight off the enemy."

(The explosion occurs)

Vanessa: "Wow, that was so loud! Did you see what happened?"
Mindy: "Yeah, it looked like the two blasts collided and formed an explosion. But thankfully, no ears were left damaged."
Vanessa: "I hope everyone's okay. I don't think that was a good idea."
Mindy: "Don't worry, it'll be alright. Hey Vanessa, what did you feel during the explosion?"
Vanessa: "Uh, I think I felt a shock. But nothing else happened to me."
Mindy: "That's strange. Why do you think you didn't go into labor after the blood moon and now the explosion?"
Vanessa: "I don't know, maybe it's because the shock was too mild for my body to react. Or maybe it's because I'm carrying around 20 little spiders."
Mindy: "What? Spiders? Wait, what do you mean? You got pregnant with spider eggs?"
Vanessa: "Yeah, that's right. I never thought it was possible, but apparently, Arachnus impregnated me. And now, I have these little guys growing inside of me."
Mindy: "Wow, that's amazing! You're going to have spider babies!"
Vanessa: "I know, it's a miracle. And the best part is, they don't seem to need oxygen. They're just scurrying around in there, letting in oxygen from my blood."
Mindy: "That's incredible! What's their names?"
Vanessa: "I think they'll be named Arachni and Dragali. And it looks like they're starting to grow. I hope they're okay."
Mindy: "They'll be fine, don't worry. Just make sure you take good care of them. Hey Vanessa, let's go back home now. We have so much more to talk about."

Vanessa: "Oh no, my web collapsed again! I need to make a new one."

Mindy: "Don't worry about it, I'll help you out!"

Vanessa: "Thanks, I appreciate it. But it's not like I can just whip up a web on command."

Mindy: "Oh, no problem! We'll figure something out together."

Cupa: "Hey guys, what are you talking about?"

Vanessa: "My web collapsed and we need to make a new one."

Cupa: "No way! You could have just asked for my help earlier!"

Mindy: "Don't be rude, Cupa. Vanessa is pregnant and it might not be easy for her."

Cupa: "Fine, I'll help. But only because I feel bad for you."

Vanessa: "Thanks, guys. This will be a big web."

Inscrane: "Hey everyone, we have some good news to share!"

Cupa: "Oh? What is it?"

Inscrane: "There's a plant that can trigger intense contractions once ingested. But the only place it grows is in the Twilight Forest dimension."

Vanessa: "Wait, what? That's bad news! We don't have any Diamonds to explore the Twilight Forest!"

Inscrane: "Oh, I know. It's too bad. But we might be able to find a way around it."

Mindy: "What do you mean?"

Inscrane: "Maybe we can find an alternate route or some sort of shortcut to the Twilight Forest. We just need to think outside the box."

Cupa: "Sounds like a plan! Let's get to work!"