X OS is a family of operating systems developed by X Corporation. The first version of the system was called X-DOS and was released in 1987. It used a text interface and included features such as the ability to customize xapp development using DevX. Over the years, several versions of X-DOS were released, including X-DOS 2 (which used a smaller font), X-DOS 3 (which added color support with the COLOR command), and X-DOS 4 (which allowed for custom xapp development).

In the mid-1980s, X Corporation began work on a new operating system, called X OS. This system included a graphical user interface (GUI) and was based on the X-DOS kernel. The first version of X OS, called X OS 1, was released in 1989 and provided a basic GUI with a few features.

Later versions of X OS, such as X OS 2, included additional features from previous releases of X-DOS, including support for Progressnet. X OS 3 added features like Progress Sweeper and Progresstrix. X OS 4 provided GUI improvements, while X OS 5 added LAN support and a new program called IDLE Network that allowed users to connect to networks and transfer files.

In 1998, X Corporation released version 6 of the X OS operating system, which included network features and improvements to the overall stability and performance of the system. In 1999, version 7 was released, which made some adjustments to the GUI and programs on the system.

In 2000, X Corporation released version 8 of the X OS operating system, which included a complete revampment of the system. The name of the system was changed from X-CMD to X-Shell, and it included several new features and improvements. In 2001, version 9 was released, which featured a full-screen menu similar to Progressbar 81.

Finally, in 2002, X Corporation released the last version of the X OS operating system, called X OS X. This system included several new features such as centered begin buttons and fluent graphics, making it an ideal choice for those looking for a modern and user-friendly operating system.