The scene opens with Goku standing on a hilltop looking out at the vast expanse of space. He sees a strange spacecraft descending from the sky and realizes that it's a Freedom Planet ship. Out of the ship steps a young woman with long blonde hair and blue eyes, who introduces herself as Alyssa. Goku is intrigued by her and decides to investigate further.

As he approaches her, he notices that she has a companion standing next to her, a tall man with short black hair and dark skin. The man introduces himself as Myoc and explains that they are from another planet called Dragon Ball. Goku is confused but intrigued, and decides to learn more about this mysterious planet.

Myoc explains that Dragon Ball is home to powerful warriors known as Dragon Knights, who possess the ability to control the elements of water, fire, and earth. He tells Goku that he has been chosen to become the King of All Dragons, a title that comes with immense power and responsibility. Goku is excited about this opportunity but also apprehensive about the burden that comes with it.

As Goku begins his training to become the King of All Dragons, he realizes that he needs to learn more about the different elements that make up Dragon Ball. He decides to ask Alyssa and Myoc to teach him everything they know. They are happy to help and begin teaching Goku about the power of water, fire, and earth.

Through his training, Goku discovers that he has a unique connection to the element of water. He learns to harness its power and use it to his advantage in battle. He also discovers that he has a natural affinity for the other elements, but finds that fire is his greatest strength.

Goku continues to train with Alyssa and Myoc, becoming stronger and more powerful with each passing day. As he grows more confident, he begins to dream of a future where he can use his powers to protect the universe from all threats. He realizes that being the King of All Dragons is not just about power, but also about responsibility and duty.

The scene ends with Goku standing on top of a mountain, looking out at the vast expanse of space. He knows that he still has much to learn, but he is determined to become the best Dragon Knight he can be.