To modify the formula to find the first two words in a sentence instead of three, you just need to change the number of terms returned by the LEFT function. Instead of using 3, use 2 as follows:
=IFERROR(LEFT(C2, FIND(" ",C2, FIND(" ",C2, FIND(" ",C2)+1)+1)-1),"")

One way to achieve this is by using a formula that checks the length of the text in each cell and compares it to a specified number.

For example, suppose you have a column "Description" with cells A2 to A10 containing text data. To ensure that the text in each cell has more than 6 words, you can use the following formula:
```javascript
=IF(LEN(A2)>7,"Valid", "")
```
This formula checks if the length of the text in cell A2 is greater than 7 (which would mean it contains more than 6 words). If it is valid, the cell will display "Valid". If not, the cell will display an empty string (""). You can copy and paste this formula down to cells A3 through A10 to check the length of the text in each cell.

Note that if you want to specify a different number of words as the criteria for validation (e.g., 8 words), you can replace "7" in the formula with your desired number.

Yes, it is possible to use data validation to accomplish some of the requirements you've described.

For example, you could create a drop-down list or list box using data validation that contains a list of valid options for the "Color" column. This would ensure that users can only enter one of the allowed colors and prevent incorrect values from being entered.

To further restrict the possibilities in the "Size" column, you could use a combination of drop-down lists and conditional formatting to highlight invalid values. For example, you could create separate drop-down lists for "Small", "Medium", and "Large" sizes, and then apply conditional formatting to any cells that do not match those options. This would make it clear which size options are valid and which are not.

Overall, using data validation in combination with other Excel features can be a powerful way to enforce data accuracy and consistency in your spreadsheets.