INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY

The room is brightly lit by the sun streaming through the large hospital window. REZA FAZEKAS, a sarcastic and eccentric young independent political journalist, is lying in his hospital bed with a back brace, casted legs, and an external catheter on. ANNELIESE EHN, a charming and cute young singer and dancer, is also lying in her own bed, with suprapubic catheter for an undefinite period and significant facial scars.

REZA: (rolling his eyes) I can't believe I have to spend my recovery time here. I was expecting to be out reporting on some big story, not lying in this empty hospital room with a bunch of old people.

ANNELIESE: (smiling weakly) It could be worse. At least you're recovering. I'm not so lucky. My legs were mangled enough to possibly make me unable to ever walk again unaided. And my face... (pauses, looking down at her scarred face) well, that's another story.

REZA: (grinning) Yeah, your face is definitely a work in progress. But don't worry, Anneliese, you'll be back on stage in no time. I'm sure of it.

ANNELIESE: (shakes her head) I don't know, Reza. I can barely speak as it is, let alone sing and dance. My tracheostomy makes it hard to breathe, and my vocal cords are damaged.

REZA: (nods sagely) Yeah, I get it. But hey, at least you have me to keep you company. And I'm sure you'll be back to your old self in no time. Just think, Anneliese, I used to have a urinary issue too. You know, that thing they call erectile dysfunction.

ANNELIESE: (rolls her eyes) Oh, Reza, not this again. Your attempt at flirting is as inappropriate as it is bizarre.

REZA: (smiling sheepishly) Sorry, Anneliese. I didn't mean to offend you. Maybe I should have remembered your current tracheostomy and speech issues.

ANNELIESE: (smiles weakly) Yeah, maybe you should have. But don't worry about it. We both know how hard it is to recover from injuries like these, and we both need each other's support.

REZA: (nods in agreement) You got that right, Anneliese. And who knows, maybe I'll even get a chance to see you perform again someday.

ANNELIESE: (smiles weakly) I hope so, Reza. But for now, let's just focus on getting better and making the most of our time here.

REZA: (grinning) Agreed. Here's to a speedy recovery, Anneliese.

ANNELIESE: (raising her wheelchair arm in agreement) Cheers, Reza.

The scene ends with REZA and ANNELIESE sharing a moment of understanding and empathy, as they both continue their recovery process in the brightly lit hospital room.

Scene: Nurse Luciana Vipari's Station

INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT

Reza and Anneliese are sitting in nurse Luciana Vipari's station, chatting animatedly.

ANNELIESE
(laughing)
I can't believe we're stuck in this hospital with no one to talk to.

REZA
Don't worry, sweetheart. We'll figure something out.

NURSE LUCIANA VIPARI
(looking up from her desk)
Can I help you two with anything?

ANNELIESE
(grinning)
Actually, yes. We were wondering if we could be put in the same room together.

NURSE LUCIANA VIPARI
(smiling)
That's against protocol, but I'll see what I can do.

REZA
Come on, Luciana. The hospital is pretty empty right now. It won't be a big deal.

NURSE LUCIANA VIPARI
(laughing)
Well, that's definitely a unique request. I'll see what I can do to make it happen for you two.

ANNELIESE
(winking at Reza)
See, we're already making progress.

Reza and Anneliese exchange a playful wink before nurse Luciana Vipari turns back to her desk with a determined look on her face.

NURSE LUCIANA VIPARI
(to herself)
Okay, let me see what I can do for you two.

The scene ends with the sound of nurse Luciana Vipari typing away on her computer, trying to make their request a reality.