Amatsumagatsuchi: "Hmm, this is quite unlike anything I've ever seen before."

Cupa: "Hello, I'm Cupa. Nice to meet you."

Vanessa: "Hi there! I'm Vanessa. And these are my friends Andr and Blazette."

Andr: "Nice to meet you too. What brings you here?"

Amatsumagatsuchi: "I'm Amatsumagatsuchi, the elder dragon. I was seeking shelter from the storm that ravaged your world. And then I saw you girls, and something about you caught my eye."

Blazette: "Uh, why are you looking at us like that?"

Amatsumagatsuchi: "I noticed that each of your clothes resembles a different type of monster from the Minecraft world. And then I saw Ayumi's belly was swollen, and she seemed to be in pain."

Ayumi: "Oh, I didn't realize you could see that."

Amatsumagatsuchi: "I can see many things beyond what others can. It is because of my mystical energy. And I somehow found my way to Ayumi. But your illness and the pain you are in - it confuses me. Why?"

Ayumi: "I don't know either. Maybe it's just a coincidence."

Amatsumagatsuchi: "Coincidence? I doubt it. And then, I received several flashbacks of Ayumi, including her finding her weapon and getting sick with unexplained symptoms. And the last one showed a hybrid of human and...me."

Ayumi: "What does that mean?"

Amatsumagatsuchi: "I'm not sure. It could be that Ayumi is pregnant with my child. But why would that be? And why didn't she tell me?"

Andr: "Wait a minute, Amatsumagatsuchi. You said you found your way to Ayumi. How did you do that?"

Amatsumagatsuchi: "My mystical energy somehow found its way to Ayumi. Even though we never met before."

Vanessa: "So, you're saying that you have some sort of connection with Ayumi?"

Amatsumagatsuchi: "Yes, I believe so. And it confuses me. Why would this be happening? And why is Ayumi in pain?"

Cupa: "Maybe there's something more to this story that we don't know yet."

Amatsumagatsuchi: "I hope you're right. I need to find out what's going on."

Amatsumagatsuchi: "Ayumi, something strange is going on. You haven't gone into labor yet."

Cupa: "That's right, Amatsumagatsuchi. An Amatsumagatsuchi can only be born during intense storms, just like the storm serpents Ibushi and Narwa."

Amatsumagatsuchi: "I see. But where are my powers? Why can't I create a storm to help Ayumi?"

Cupa: "It looks like something is stopping your abilities from working, Amatsumagatsuchi."

Storm Serpent Ibushi: "What's going on here? We heard that the Amatsumagatsuchi was in trouble."

Amatsumagatsuchi: "Yes, we need a storm to help Ayumi with her journey to motherhood!"

Storm Serpent Narwa: "We can create one! Let's get started right away!"

(The storm serpents quickly create an intense storm, and Amatsumagatsuchi is able to use his powers to help Ayumi give birth.)

Amatsumagatsuchi: "I'm sorry, but Ayumi and I are not familiar with this Arachnus person. Can you tell us more about him?"

Vanessa: "He was a human-spider hybrid who I had a one-night-stand with."

Amatsumagatsuchi: "A one-night-stand? And you don't remember much about it? This is...unusual."

Ayumi: "Vanessa, do you think this one-night-stand might have something to do with your sudden illness?"

Vanessa: "I'm not sure. Maybe."

Amatsumagatsuchi: "Well, we need to figure out what's going on. Let's go see a healer."

Healer: "After scanning Vanessa's belly, I have some concerning news. There are 20 spider eggs inside her, but thankfully, they haven't hatched yet. They won't for another nine months."

Vanessa: "What do I do now? Can you get rid of them?"

Healer: "No, we cannot surgically remove the eggs without causing harm to either Vanessa or the eggs themselves. It's a delicate situation."

Amatsumagatsuchi: "But what about the spider-human hybrids growing inside her? Are they safe for her?"

Healer: "They appear to be healthy, but it's hard to say without more information. Vanessa, I think you need to make a decision - do you want to keep the eggs inside of you forever?"

Vanessa: "I...I don't know. They feel like they're a part of me."

Amatsumagatsuchi: "It's understandable that you might have a connection to them, but you need to think about your own health and well-being too."

Vanessa: "Okay. I'll think about it. Thanks for the information."

Cupa: "Vanessa, have you noticed anything strange in your room lately?"

Vanessa: "Yeah, I've been finding cobwebs everywhere. It's starting to look like a mess."

Cupa: "Have you tried cleaning them up? They could be just regular spider webs."

Vanessa: "I don't know, I thought it was weird since we haven't had any spiders in here before."

Mindy: "Hey sis, have either of you noticed anything strange lately?"

Vanessa: "Yeah, we were just talking about the cobwebs. Do you think they could be regular spider webs too?"

Mindy: "I don't know, but I heard something about a full moon coming up in two months. Maybe that has something to do with it."

Vanessa: "Wait, what? A full moon? You mean like the one Arachnus was born under?"

Mindy: "Exactly! And apparently, you can give birth under a full moon too. But we need a full one, not just a half one like the one that's coming up."

Vanessa: "That's crazy! Is there any way to force a full moon? I don't want these little guys climbing out of me!"

Mindy: "I wish I knew. I heard that it's impossible to force a full moon, but I guess we'll just have to wait and see."

Vanessa: "Well, it's not like we could have waited any longer. The clock is ticking and I need these babies out of me soon!"

Mindy: "I know right? And with Arachnus gone, there was no one else to help."

Arachnus: (appears out of nowhere) "Hey there ladies! What's going on here?"

Vanessa: "Arachnus, we need your help. Vanessa here won't go into labor!"

Arachnus: "Ah yes, the old half blood moon trick. I've seen it all before."

Mindy: "What do you mean? Why doesn't it work on her?"

Arachnus: "Well, some women are just stubborn like that. And besides, it's not like you can force someone to give birth."

Vanessa: "You're right, Arachnus. But we need to do something!"

Arachnus: "Why don't you try going out on an adventure with Mindy? Maybe that will help take your mind off the whole labor thing."

Mindy: "Yeah, it'll be fun! And maybe we'll find something to help Vanessa along the way."

Vanessa: (to Arachnus) You think so too?

Arachnus: (nods) Of course! I have faith in you two. Now go on and have some fun!"

(The next day)
Vanessa: "Mindy, do you see that over there? That's Arachnus fighting Dragalisk."

Mindy: "Oh my god, Vanessa! We need to go help him!"

Vanessa: (to Arachnus) Arachnus, can we come help you fight that dragon?"

Arachnus: (grins) Of course, ladies. But be careful, Dragalisk is no joke."

Mindy: "Don't worry, Arachnus. We're up for the challenge!"

(As they approach the battlefield)
Dragalisk: "You two shall not pass!"

Arachnus: (fires an acidic blast at Dragalisk) Watch out!

Vanessa: (shocked by the blast) Oh my god, Arachnus! What was that?!

(The blasts collide and form a deafening explosion)

Mindy: "Did you see that, Vanessa? That was amazing!"

Vanessa: (still shocked) Yes, it was. But why didn't it induce labor?

Arachnus: (laughs) You know, some things just don't work out as planned. But hey, at least you had a fun adventure to take your mind off the whole labor thing."

Mindy: "Yeah, and look at Vanessa now! She seems so happy about having 20 human-spider hybrid babies inside her!"

Vanessa: (smiling) I know, right? It's like they're letting in oxygen just by scurrying around in my womb.

Arachnus: "Well, that's one way to look at it. Just remember, Vanessa, you can't force something to happen. Sometimes, things just take their time."

Mindy: "Wow, I never realized how much I took for granted before. Thank you, Arachnus, for helping us out."

Arachnus: (smiles) Of course, ladies. That's what friends are for!"

Vanessa: "I know I should be sleeping but I couldn't take my eyes off this web."

Mindy: "What are you doing?"

Vanessa: "Just making a spider web, it's not that complicated. But now that the one I was sleeping on collapsed I might as well make a new one."

Mindy: "I can help if you want."

Vanessa: "Thanks, but it's pretty easy. Besides, thanks to the silk from my babies, I can make a massive web."

Cupa: "Hey guys, mind if we come in?"

Inscrane: "We have some news."

Mindy: "What is it?"

Inscrane: "There's a plant in the Twilight Forest that can trigger intense contractions once ingested. But the only problem is that the Twilight Forest can't be explored because of the depletion of Diamonds."

Vanessa: "That's interesting. Is there anything else we can do to help?"

Inscrane: "Well, you could try finding another way to induce labor."

Cupa: "Maybe there's something in your body that could trigger it."

Mindy: "Or maybe you could consult with a doctor or midwife."

Vanessa: "Thanks for the suggestions. I'll definitely keep those in mind."