Title: Aftermath of the Fuehrer

Opening shot of a dark, ominous cityscape. A voiceover speaks: "It is October 1963, two years after the death of Adolf Hitler. Germany is now in turmoil, with three men vying for power to succeed the fallen leader."

Cut to Albert Speer, a reformist architect and engineer who had been imprisoned by Hitler at the end of World War II for his role in the construction of the Death Camps. Speer is seen speaking with a group of people, all looking worried and uneasy.

"I don't want to see another war," he says. "We have suffered enough."

Meanwhile, Martin Bormann, a conservative politician who had been Hitler's right-hand man, is seen in a conference room with other Nazi officials.

"Hitler may be gone, but his vision for Germany lives on," Bormann says, addressing the room. "We will continue to implement his policies and make Germany great again."

Hermann Göring, a war-hawking Reichsmarschall who had been one of Hitler's closest allies, is seen speaking with a group of soldiers in a military base.

"The war may be over, but our fight continues," he says. "We will defeat the Allies once and for all."

Reinhard Heydrich, the SS Butcher who had been responsible for the deaths of millions of Jews and other minorities during World War II, is seen speaking with a group of loyal followers in an underground bunker.

"The end of the war does not mean the end of our struggle," Heydrich says. "We will continue to fight against those who would seek to destroy us."

As the three men continue their power struggles, tensions rise and violence erupts on the streets of Germany.

In one scene, Speer is seen trying to negotiate with Bormann to find a peaceful solution, but his efforts are met with resistance from Bormann and his followers.

"We won't accept any compromise," Bormann says. "Germany will be great again, no matter what it takes."

In another scene, Göring is seen launching a military attack on Speer's forces, but he quickly realizes the futility of his efforts.

"This war won't solve anything," he says, looking defeated. "We need to find a peaceful solution."

Meanwhile, Heydrich and his followers continue their violence and terrorism, causing chaos in the streets of Germany.

As the three men struggle for power, they begin to realize that they are all fighting for the same thing: to make Germany great again.

In a final scene, Speer, Bormann, and Göring are seen standing together in front of a destroyed building, looking at the destruction around them.

"We may have different ideas about how to achieve our goals," Speer says, breaking the silence. "But we must work together if we want to see Germany succeed."

Bormann nods his head in agreement, while Göring looks on with a newfound sense of hope.

The movie ends with a shot of a new beginning, as the three men walk off into the sunset, united in their determination to make Germany great again.