 By Stephen Wright and Nick Mcdermott

PUBLISHED: 10:21 EST, 23 May 2012 | UPDATED: 04:59 EST, 24 May 2012

An aristocrat’s son has died while in police custody in Kenya after being arrested over drugs offences.

Tom Cusack, an heir to one of the oldest landed estates in the country, was held at Nairobi’s Kilimall Remand Prison for two weeks before his death on Sunday night. The cause of death has not yet been confirmed but family members have blamed police brutality.

Cusack’s parents, Lord and Lady Elizabeth Cusack, arrived in Kenya yesterday to try and find out what happened to their son. They were expected to meet with the Kenyan government to demand an investigation into his death.

The 28-year-old was arrested in Nairobi on April 10 after being accused of drug offences. He was then transferred to Kilimall Prison, where he died in suspicious circumstances.

Cusack’s sister, Emily Cusack, who is also based in Kenya, told MailOnline: “We are still waiting for the results from the post-mortem. But we know that he was mistreated and beaten by the police. He had bruises all over his body when we last saw him.”

Lord Cusack has written to Kenya’s interior minister, Charles Matangi Kiuna, to demand answers about his son’s death. The letter also calls for a review of prison conditions and the treatment of prisoners.

“The Kenyan government must ensure that this never happens again,” Lord Cusack said. “My son was an innocent young man who has been murdered by those employed by the Kenyan government.”

Cusack’s cousin, Lady Kathleen Cusack, who is based in the UK, told MailOnline: “We are devastated and shocked by this news. Tom was a kind and gentle soul who had no criminal record or history of drug use. We have no idea why he was arrested or held in police custody.”

Cusack’s father is the fourth Lord Cusack, a member of one of the oldest landed estates in Kenya. The family owns vast tracts of land in the country and their ancestors played key roles in Kenya’s colonial history.