The former archbishop of the Church of Scotland has been accused in a court case of allowing a child abuser to escape punishment.

Former Archbishop Lord Hope allegedly blocked police from getting details about paedophile priest Robert Hainey, who was convicted in 2008 of sexually assaulting two boys over 15 years ago.

The Church of Scotland's governing body, the General Assembly, said it was "deeply concerned" by the claims and apologised to victims.

Hope has denied interfering with police or the Crown Office in the case.

A report by Sheriff Principal Craig Turnbull into the handling of Hainey's 2016 conviction for sexually assaulting two boys at St Mary's church in Dundee between 1984 and 1997 was published on Monday.

The document said Hope had intervened in an attempt to help the former priest avoid a jail sentence, despite being told by police that he should have been sentenced for his crimes years earlier.

Hainey, who died aged 65 last year, was sentenced to three years in prison but spent just eight months behind bars because of time served on remand.

He was initially convicted after the victims, both now middle-aged, came forward and told police Hainey had sexually assaulted them.

But, after he appealed against his conviction, a judge ordered a retrial despite one of the victims saying he would not give evidence again.

Hainey was found guilty in 2016 at Dundee Sheriff Court and sentenced to three years in prison.

The report said Hope had asked Police Scotland's chief constable, Phil Gormley, to "consider whether it might be possible for [Hainey] to be dealt with by way of a community sentence" instead of being sentenced to jail.

It also alleged that Hope had asked the Crown Office to consider appealing against Hainey's conviction at the High Court, an application which was not supported by prosecutors.

The report said: "Hope was clearly concerned about the possibility of [Hainey] being incarcerated and sought to have him dealt with in a manner that avoided that outcome."

It added: "[He] had asked the Crown Office to consider whether it might be possible for [Hainey] to be dealt with by way of a community sentence, rather than by way of imprisonment.

"There was no basis for Hope's request, as he must have been aware. There is no discretion in relation to the sentence to be imposed for such an offence."

The report said Hope had "intervened with police and the Crown Office to attempt to prevent or minimise punishment being imposed upon a person guilty of sexual abuse".

Hope was also accused of having "misled" the Crown Office about his involvement in Hainey's case.

He denies any wrongdoing, however, and said he did not try to influence the outcome of the case or minimise punishment for Hainey.

A spokesman for the former archbishop said: "Lord Hope has always maintained that he acted in good faith at all times."

The General Assembly's convener, Sir Andrew Cubie, said: "The report is deeply concerning and we are shocked by the allegations made against Lord Hope.

"It is right that an independent inquiry is now being carried out by Police Scotland into this matter.

"We are also disappointed that Lord Hope has not accepted full responsibility for his actions."

In a statement, he added: "The General Assembly of the Church of Scotland apologises unreservedly to any victims and survivors who may have been affected by these events."

A spokesman for Police Scotland said it had referred itself to the police watchdog after becoming aware that Hope had contacted Gormley.

Police are also investigating "allegations of offences which relate to the former archbishop".