
##### Title :

Horses have been banned from marching in the WWI centenary Anzac parade due to safety concerns


##### Summary :

Horseback riders were banned from attending the World War I Anzac Day commemoration parade in Albany on Thursday due to safety concerns.


##### Keywords :

Equestrian, Centenary, Parade, Marching, Safety, Concerns, World War 1, Anzac, WWI


##### Body:

Horses have been banned from marching in the World War I centenary ANZAC parade in Albany due to safety concerns.

Equestrians are outraged after learning that horseback riders will not be permitted at the Anzac Day commemoration on Thursday, despite previous assurances.

Horseback riders were banned from attending the World War I Anzac Day commemoration parade in Albany on Thursday due to safety concerns.

Equestrians are outraged after learning that horseback riders will not be permitted at the Anzac Day commemoration on Thursday, despite previous assurances.

The WA Mounted Police Association claimed they had been told there was no need for a mounted police presence in the parade and they were not needed for crowd control as part of security measures.

Association president Steve Brown said he was 'absolutely fuming' about the decision to exclude horses from the march, especially after the group was advised last week they would be welcome at the event.

He told ABC News it was an important part of Australian history for mounted police officers to be involved in Anzac parades, and he didn't believe there were any safety concerns.

'I don't think there is a safety concern,' he said. 'It's just a bit of politics going on.'

Mr Brown also claimed that the Mounted Police Association was not allowed to march in the parade unless they wore a new uniform, and the group did not have enough money to buy the required uniforms.

He said the association would try to organise its own event for Anzac Day.

The Department of Veterans Affairs told ABC News that mounted police officers were welcome to march in the parade as long as they wore their correct uniform.

A spokesperson for the department said it was not concerned about safety issues with horseback riders but was more focused on ensuring all participants and attendees have a safe experience.

'Our focus is on making sure that everybody is safe and can enjoy the day,' the spokesperson said.

The Anzac Day Commemoration Parade will be held in Albany on Thursday, April 25, with thousands of people expected to attend.