


```
By Hayley O'keeffe Published: 08:06 EST, 26 December 2013 | Updated: 12:37 EST, 26 December 2013
An officer has died in violent clashes between police and anti-government protestors in Brazil.
The demonstrator was shot dead during protests in the country's north east on Wednesday.
Several people have also been arrested as violent protests continue to sweep across Brazil.
The protester was killed following a scuffle with officers in Ceará state, near Fortaleza city, local media reported.

Police have arrested several demonstrators who are accused of burning tires and throwing stones at police vehicles.
Violent protests were also held on Wednesday night in the northern states of Maranhão and Paraíba.
Protests broke out last week against a rise in bus fares in São Paulo, before spreading to other cities and turning into a movement against high spending on the World Cup and Olympic Games.
The unrest has left five people dead and dozens injured, with demonstrators clashing with police and blocking traffic across Brazil's major cities.
Protests are planned for Thursday in Rio de Janeiro, where the World Cup starts next June.
The protests have been particularly violent in São Paulo, with rioters looting shops and setting fire to buses.
Hundreds of people were arrested as police tried to restore order on Monday night.
The unrest has spread across Brazil's major cities, including Rio de Janeiro, Brasília, Salvador, Belo Horizonte and Recife.
Protesters have taken to the streets with banners reading 'World Cup 2014 - World Cup of Thieves'.
Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff has vowed that demonstrators will not stop the country from hosting the World Cup next year.
Rousseff said in a speech on Wednesday: 'We are going to have the World Cup and we are going to have it very well.'
The unrest has also spread to neighbouring Chile, where thousands of people took to the streets to protest against high living costs and inequality.
Protesters burnt tires and blocked roads with rubbish bins in Santiago, Valparaiso, La Serena and Antofagasta.
Chile's President Sebastian Pinera has called for a national dialogue with civil society groups to address social issues.
```