 They often call her at 4 or 5 in the morning to wake her up and negotiate deals on behalf of their clients. That's why when she was approached by a young man who claimed to be an agent for a new reality TV show, Tyler wasn't immediately impressed.

"I had just come back from a movie set and I was tired," Tyler recalls. "So I said, 'No thanks. Not interested.'"

But the man, whose name was Alex Rodriguez, persisted. He told her about a reality TV show called "Celebrity Survivor" where celebrities would be dropped off in a remote jungle and have to fight for survival using their own skills and wits. Tyler was intrigued. She had always loved the idea of survival shows, but never thought she would be on one.

Rodriguez convinced her to take a meeting with the show's producers, who were flying into Los Angeles that night. They picked her up at her home and took her to a restaurant in Beverly Hills where they presented their pitch.

"They had this whole video montage of celebrities on other survival shows," Tyler says. "It was really compelling."

The producers explained how Celebrity Survivor would be different from other reality shows because it wouldn't rely solely on physical strength or athleticism. Instead, they wanted to highlight each celebrity's unique talents and abilities that could help them survive in the wilderness.

Tyler was sold. She signed on to be a part of the show immediately.

"It was one of those things where you know it's going to be an experience of a lifetime," Tyler says. "I had never done anything like this before."

The show took place in Costa Rica and filming lasted for six weeks. Tyler spent her days hiking through dense jungles, building shelter, and fishing for food. She also had to rely on her acting skills to survive in the wilderness with a group of strangers.

"It was definitely challenging," Tyler says. "There were times when I felt like I was out of my element, but overall it was a really great experience."

One of the most memorable moments for Tyler was when she had to build a raft using only materials found in the jungle. She and her teammate worked tirelessly for hours, gathering vines, leaves, and bamboo to construct their makeshift vessel.

"We were so proud of ourselves when we finally finished," Tyler says with a laugh. "It looked like it was about to fall apart at any moment."

Despite the challenges, Tyler says she learned a lot about herself during the filming of Celebrity Survivor. She discovered that she had skills and talents she never knew she possessed, such as tracking animals and identifying edible plants in the jungle.

"It was really eye-opening," Tyler says. "I felt like I could accomplish anything if I put my mind to it."

The show will premiere on Spike TV on Saturday at 9 pm ET. Tyler is excited for everyone to see what she and her fellow celebrities went through in the jungle.

"I think people are really going to be surprised by how much we had to learn and adapt," Tyler says. "It's not just about being strong or fast - it's about using your brain and being resourceful."

As for her future reality TV endeavors, Tyler says she's open to anything that challenges her and helps her grow as a person. But for now, she's happy to be back in civilization and enjoying the comforts of home.