The State of California has been ordered by the Federal Courts to reduce its prison population from 170,000 to 137,500 inmates by 2014. This is a reduction of 33,000 prisoners over the next three years. Currently, California’s prisons have an occupancy rate of 181%.

### Solution:
I propose that California use the existing prison system and reduce their population in two ways:
1. First, the state should immediately begin to release 33,000 non-violent offenders from prison and into our society. This will require the State to take a hard look at what they consider a violent offender, and make some changes. It is my opinion that many of the crimes considered violent today would have been considered misdemeanors 15 years ago. The State should redefine its idea of what constitutes as a violent crime.
2. Second, the state needs to look at who they are putting in prison and why. They need to identify the factors that cause people to commit crimes and address those issues head on. This can be done through community programs such as education, employment and counseling. By giving people skills to help them find a job and/or further their education, we will be able to reduce the amount of crime in our society.
3. Third, we need to look at the length of time that inmates are spending in prison for non-violent crimes. The state should look into ways to reduce the length of time that non-violent offenders spend in prison. This could be done through alternative sentencing or by providing community based programs for offenders who commit minor crimes.
4. Fourth, we need to find a way to reduce recidivism rates. Currently, about two-thirds of released prisoners are convicted of another crime within three years of their release from prison. We need to look at ways to help inmates adjust back into society and provide them with the skills they need to be successful citizens.
5. Finally, we need to look at how we can reduce the number of people entering our prisons. This can be done by providing better education and job opportunities for young adults. We also need to find ways to prevent people from committing crimes in the first place.