"I think that there was an opportunity for this not to happen and it did happen," said NTSB board member Robert Sumwalt. "It's a tragedy and it should never have happened."
The flight crew of Flight 1354, bound for Birmingham, Alabama, from Louisville, Kentucky, failed to respond to multiple warnings about the aircraft's excessive rate of descent, investigators said. The plane crashed in a residential neighborhood on August 14, 2013, killing both pilots and destroying several homes.
NTSB Chairman Christopher Hart called the crash "a tragedy waiting to happen," saying there were numerous warning signs that should have prompted UPS or Federal Aviation Administration regulators to take action.
"It's a tragedy that could have been prevented if someone would have spoken up and said something about it beforehand," Hart said during the board meeting in Washington, D.C.
The NTSB report says the crash was "the direct result of crew failure to adhere to company procedures for stabilized approach criteria."
"I think that there were a lot of opportunities to prevent this accident from occurring," Sumwalt said.
Investigators found the pilots ignored multiple warnings and alerts from the plane's onboard computer system, which they believe could have saved the flight by alerting them to the fact that they were approaching too fast.
The cockpit voice recorder captured the pilots discussing their approach for landing in Birmingham. The crew appeared to be aware of the excessive rate of descent but did not discuss it or take action to slow down.
"If we can get that plane slowed up, we'll be okay," one pilot said.
"I don't want to go below 250 knots (knots per hour)," another pilot responded. "It's getting pretty close."
The NTSB report says the pilots never made a call for help from air traffic control. The agency found that UPS had not provided flight crews with proper training on stabilized approach criteria, which would have alerted them to the fact that they were flying too fast and too low.
Investigators also noted that the plane's computer system was not set up in a way that would automatically warn pilots when they are approaching too fast for a safe landing.
"The NTSB found that the aircraft's autopilot system should have been programmed to alert the crew if they failed to follow the stabilized approach procedures," Hart said. "This automated feature has been available on Boeing 737s since the late 1980s and was not installed in this airplane."
The NTSB report also found that UPS had not properly reviewed its training program for new pilots, who would have received proper instructions on stabilized approach criteria. The company had failed to conduct a review of its training program every two years as required by the FAA.
"There was a training issue here," said NTSB board member Earl Weener. "If that airplane had been in an airline's operation, it would have gone through a simulator."