I would agree with Ms. Keates statement in that there is no doubt that our teachers are being treated as lab rats by the current administration. The reason I say this is because a teacher can be stripped of their professionalism if they do not use a camera while teaching their students. There is no other profession that has to have a camera on them while doing their job. It makes one think what type of world are we living in when our teachers have to worry about being monitored by a camera.
The cameras make me question why there is the need to monitor the classroom like this. I do understand that you have to keep an eye on everything, but why not just listen in on the class through the teacher’s microphone and just observe the students. Is it really necessary to put a camera up in the classroom for a student to be able to see their teacher?
I can only imagine what kind of impact this will have on our students when they realize that they are being watched while they are trying to learn. I also question how much time is going into monitoring these cameras and if it is worth the time. With everything that has been cut from our education system, why are we wasting more time with this?
I do agree with Ms. Keates on this matter because there should be no need for teachers to have a camera on them while they are teaching their students. It strips away at their professionalism and makes it seem like the teacher does not know what they are doing. The fact that we have cameras up in our classrooms is ridiculous and I hope that something can be done about this soon so that our teachers can get back to focusing on educating our children instead of worrying about being monitored by a camera.

### Critique:
I believe that the article was written well and it got its point across. However, I feel like there could have been more evidence to support Ms. Keates’ statements. For example, she could have mentioned how this is affecting teachers in other countries or what other organizations think about this new policy. Overall, I think that the article was informative and it made me think about the current state of our education system.