By Mark Duell . Last updated at 7:46 AM on 3rd October 2011 . The hugely-anticipated launch of the iPhone 5 is only two days away - and speculation is mounting over what the must-have gadget will look like.

Apple's latest handset is expected to have a bigger screen, a better camera and an improved battery life.

Here are some of the rumoured features we may see when Apple unveils its new toy at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Francisco on Wednesday.

A bigger screen: The iPhone 5 will reportedly have a 4in (10cm) screen, up from the 3.5in size of the current model.

It is thought the extra inch will be added to the top and bottom of the phone’s display rather than the sides to avoid compromising its famous ‘one-handed’ design.

A bigger battery: The new iPhone’s battery will reportedly last a full working day, compared with 14 hours talk time and eight days standby on the current model.

The extra battery life will be achieved by making the iPhone 5 thinner than its predecessor and placing a larger battery inside the device.

A new dock connector: A smaller version of Apple’s dock connector, which has been used in every iPhone since the original was launched in 2007, is expected to feature on the new model.

The change is reportedly being made to make room for a bigger battery and other components.

A better camera: It is thought the iPhone 5 will have an eight-megapixel camera - up from the five megapixels used in the current phone.

It is also expected to be able to record 1080p high-definition video at a smooth 60 frames per second, rather than the 30fps currently used by the iPhone 4S and earlier models.

Improved data speeds: The new iPhone will reportedly have support for HSPA+ networks, which are capable of delivering download speeds of up to 42Mb per second.

That is faster than the 3G speeds available on the current model - but still slower than the 4G network used by some Android phones.

Faster processors: The iPhone 5 will reportedly have a dual-core processor, which should make it quicker to open apps and surf the web.

The new chip is thought to be made by Samsung rather than Apple’s usual supplier, Intel.

A bigger memory: It is expected that Apple will offer the new phone with 1GB of RAM - double the 512MB used in the iPhone 4S.

The extra memory could help make the device faster and less prone to crashing.