I have been reading up about Libya and the issues that have taken place there. I was shocked to find out that Gaddafi’s son was on the run, however, I found it interesting to hear that he wanted to give himself up to Zimbabwe. I do not know what has taken place in Zimbabwe but I do know that they have had some issues in their country. I am not sure if this is a good thing for them or not.
I have also been reading about the protests in Syria and the fact that Bashar Assad does not want to leave and how he is using his military to attack people. It seems like there are many countries that have dictatorships and they do not seem to care if their citizens have a good life or not. I am interested in reading more about this issue as well.
I have been watching some news stories on Libya lately and it has made me very sad to see what is happening there. It seems like the people are fighting for their freedom but they do not seem to be getting anywhere with that. There are so many people who are dying because of this war and I really hope that something good comes out of all of this.
I have also been reading about how the Syrian government has been trying to control the protests there by shutting down cell phone service, Internet access, and even blocking Twitter. It is hard for me to believe that they think that they can do this and get away with it because people are still finding ways to communicate with each other.
I have been following the news about Libya and I am glad that they have been able to get rid of their dictator Gaddafi, but I hope that they will be able to find a better way to run their country than what he did. It is sad that so many people died because of him and it makes me wonder how he could have done such things when he was supposed to be helping his country.
I think that it is important for people all over the world to stand up against tyranny wherever they find it, whether it is happening in their own countries or somewhere else around them. I hope that we can keep fighting until everyone has freedom and peace everywhere!