"Samosas are delicious. They are deep-fried pastries stuffed with spiced potatoes and peas. They're usually served as an appetizer and are extremely popular in India."

"Poppadoms are another popular Indian appetizer that are crispy thin pancakes made from lentils or chickpea flour. They are often served with pickles, chutneys, and salsas."

"I was thinking about getting the tandoori chicken. It’s so tender and flavorful. Have you tried it before?" I asked.

My partner nodded thoughtfully. "Yes, the tandoori chicken is amazing. The marinade gives it a delicious smoky flavor that really enhances the tender meat. Plus, the spices in the marinade give it a lot of flavor."

A dhal is a soup or stew made with lentils, spices and vegetables. It’s usually served hot with rice and salad. The dhal can be mild or spicy depending on the cook, but it traditionally uses cumin, coriander, garlic, turmeric, mustard seeds, ginger and chillies.

"Yes, the samosas are delicious! They have a perfectly crispy crust and are filled with savory spiced potatoes. I think we should also order some of their chicken tikka kebabs. The marinade on those is incredible and they go so well with naan bread."

We really were lucky. We got the last available table for two, and we didn’t even have a reservation! Did you see the long lines behind us? Yes, I’m glad that we didn’t have to wait long. I’m starving! Let’s take a look at the menu so we can order. Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share? I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa. Well, let’s get a plate of those then. What are you going to have for your main course? I think I might have a dahl. What’s in a dahl? It’s got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice. That sounds nice. Do you want to share some kebabs as well? OK, how about some lamb kebabs? How about some wine or beer?

"Yeah, let's order. Let's start with an appetizer of samosas and poppadums. For our main courses, I'll have a dahl and you can have some lamb kebabs. We could also share some of the kebabs. To wash it down, I think we should both get beer."

The waitress came to our table and we ordered the samosas and lamb kebabs for our appetizer. For our main course, I decided to get a dahl with rice and my friend decided on the chicken tikka masala with naan bread. To wash it all down, we decided to share a pitcher of beer.