I know you're right , but I can't miss this meeting . It's very important for my career . If I take a day off , it will set me back. But I guess if I don't feel well , it would be better to postpone the meeting and let my body rest . I really should listen to you , it's in my best interest to do so.

You should take the day off from work and rest up. A flu virus can cause symptoms like body aches, chills, coughing, sore throat and fever. The best way to prevent these symptoms is to stay hydrated and get plenty of rest. I recommend you take some over-the-counter medication to help lower your fever and relieve other symptoms. You should also see a doctor as soon as possible so that they can prescribe the appropriate treatment for you.

That is a bandage from my flu shot.  It reminds me to take it easy and rest today so that I can heal more quickly.  The flu is no joke, especially during cold weather.  So please, make sure you are taking precautions like getting the flu shot.

You're right , Zach , you have a red rash. This is likely caused by an allergy . You need to identify the cause and avoid it in the future . Some possible causes of your rash include dust mites , pollen , pet dander or certain foods such as eggs, shellfish or nuts. Take an antihistamine and apply a hydrocortisone cream if you have itching , redness or swelling.

You have allergies , you need to take medication for them. Your symptoms include itchy eyes, sneezing , runny nose and coughing. To treat your allergies you can use antihistamines , decongestants or nasal spray. If your allergy symptoms are severe , you may need steroids .

The doctor examines you and confirms that you do indeed have a cat allergy. He prescribes some antihistamines to help with the symptoms and recommends avoiding cats for a while. Your fever has gone down, but you still feel pretty tired and congested. You take the medicine as prescribed and make sure to get plenty of rest. Within a few days, you start feeling much better and are able to go back to work again.