He’s the love of your life? Really? You should know by now that men don’t commit to us until they are ready. Perhaps you gave him a chance to pull back and run away. Maybe it was time for him to go. And maybe you two were meant to be on this break. You see, if he had still been with you during this time, you wouldn’t have the opportunity to learn more about yourself, or your own strengths and weaknesses. This break has allowed you both time to reflect upon what went wrong in your relationship. So take a deep breath and believe that everything is going to work out just fine!

You are right. You did mess things up. You were so immature and selfish during that argument. You couldn't see his perspective because you were so caught up in your own emotions. It wasn't fair to him. But, it also isn't fair for you to blame yourself entirely. He made a choice just like you did and he is responsible for the consequences of those choices. It takes two to tango.

You have to realize that sometimes things don't work out the way we want them to and that's okay. It doesn't mean that you failed or that there's something wrong with you. It means that you just tried your best, did your best and now it's time to move on. You have to pick yourself up, dust yourself off, learn from the experience and keep going. Life is full of challenges and mistakes. What matters most is how you respond to them.

Veronica sobbed into her hands. She felt so foolish and immature. She was trying to be mature about the whole thing, but she just couldn’t help it. Her heart still ached for her boyfriend, and she desperately wanted him back in her life. But she knew that if she wanted things to work out between them, she would have to be the one to make amends.

“I know I screwed up,” she said, wiping away her tears. “But I want you to know how sorry I am for everything.” She took a deep breath and continued. “It was selfish of me to try and control him like that. He’s an adult with his own life, and it wasn’t right for me to expect him to put our relationship ahead of everything else. I should have trusted him and given him more space.”

Veronica paused for a moment, then added, “I know there are no guarantees, but I promise you that if he gives me another chance, I’ll do my best not to screw it up again.”