Antanas Gintaras Janda, 42, was sentenced to life imprisonment for the shootings of Darius Tauras and Adomas Zygmuntavicius, but has been able to delay his removal from the UK for almost five years due to a series of appeals.

Janda, who claims to be suffering from depression, anxiety and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), has been allowed to apply for parole multiple times, despite his conviction. He has also made numerous legal challenges in an attempt to avoid deportation, which have cost the taxpayer hundreds of thousands of pounds.

In 2015, Janda's case was reviewed by a Parole Board, but they found there was no evidence that he had been rehabilitated and his mental health issues were ongoing. They recommended he be released on licence, but with conditions such as an electronic tag, curfews, and restrictions on travel to Lithuania and other Eastern European countries.

Janda was initially granted parole in 2016, but the decision was overturned after his solicitors argued that he was not mentally well enough to leave Britain. He was then released on bail, but failed to comply with the conditions of his release and was arrested again.

In 2017, the Parole Board reviewed Janda's case once more and found that he was no longer a risk to public safety. They recommended that he be allowed to leave for Lithuania and serve the rest of his sentence there, but the Home Office refused to allow this.

It is understood that Janda has been staying in a hostel in London, costing taxpayers thousands of pounds in accommodation and support costs. He has also made numerous legal challenges, which have further delayed his removal from the UK.

The case has sparked outrage among victims' families, who have accused the Home Office of failing to remove dangerous criminals from British society. The family of Darius Tauras, one of Janda's victims, wrote a letter to the Home Secretary, Sajid Javid, accusing him of "abandoning justice" and allowing Janda to delay his removal for almost five years.

A spokesperson for the Home Office said: "We are committed to removing dangerous criminals from our society and ensuring that they face justice in their home country. We will continue to work closely with Lithuanian authorities to ensure that Mr Janda is returned as soon as possible."