ers, scientists believe they were actually more likely to be found on flatter ground nearer the coast.

The fossilised footprints, which have been likened to those of a giant penguin, are 15 centimetres (six inches) long and were formed in soft mud over 60 million years ago. However, their discovery has thrown new light on the capabilities of prehistoric creatures that lived during the Late Cretaceous period.

"Dinosaurs are often associated with flat, low-lying areas like the plains of North America, but evidence is mounting that they were more widespread and adapted to a range of environments," said lead researcher Dr Philip Porter, from the University of Edinburgh. "This discovery suggests that dinosaurs may have been able to survive in rugged mountainous regions too."

The footprints were discovered during a hike on the Chaco plateau in Bolivia's Cochabamba department. The area is rich in fossils and minerals, but this is the first time that dinosaur footprints have been found on such steep terrain.

"We were stunned to find the footprints, which were visible even after more than 60 million years," said Dr Porter. "The fact that they survived that long suggests that the area was a particularly good place for dinosaurs to live."

However, the location of the prints on such steep terrain raises questions about how the animals could have managed to climb up cliffs and down slopes in order to lay their eggs. Scientists believe that the footprints were made by large herbivorous sauropods, which would have been able to walk or run on two legs, but would have had difficulty climbing steep inclines.

"One possibility is that sauropods may have had specialized limbs and toes that allowed them to climb in a similar way to modern-day sloths," said Dr Porter. "Alternatively, they may have used their tails or trunks as makeshift limbs."

The discovery of the footprints on the steep terrain could also shed light on how the sauropods moved around the area. If they were able to climb up cliffs and down slopes, it suggests that they had a range of movements that allowed them to adapt to their environment.

"It's possible that sauropods were able to move in a variety of ways, depending on the terrain," said Dr Porter. "We don't yet know how they managed to survive in such extreme conditions, but this discovery is helping us understand more about their abilities."