23-year-old husband from the Philippines -- were led away one by one for their executions, Veloso stood nervously on death row. The clock was ticking down, and she didn't know if she would survive.

But then something miraculous happened: President Rodrigo Duterte announced that he had decided to spare her life, and at the last minute, the executioners put down their weapons. Veloso broke into tears as she hugged her lawyer and other friends on death row. She was given a chance at redemption.

For Mary Jane Veloso's husband, John, the moment was surreal. They had been married for 17 years, but he knew that this might be the last time he saw his wife alive. He clung to her tightly as they embraced on death row, praying for a miracle. And when it came, John couldn't believe his luck.

"I was crying so much," he told CNN, "because I thought I was going to lose my wife."

But the most emotional moment of all came when Mary Jane was allowed to leave death row and walk free. She was embraced by her husband and other family members, who had spent years fighting for her life. They hugged her tightly, trying to hold onto her as she sobbed uncontrollably.

For Veloso, the moment of freedom was a dream come true. She had always been innocent of the charges that had led her to death row in the first place, and now she was finally free. But she also knew that this wasn't the end of her journey.

"I will continue to fight for my rights," Veloso told CNN. "And I will use my experience to help other people who are facing similar situations."

For John, the moment of freedom was a bittersweet one. He knew that his wife would never be able to return home to the Philippines, where their children still live. But he was just grateful that she was alive and free.

"I'm happy for her," John said. "I hope she can find peace and happiness in her life now."

As Mary Jane and John hugged once more, surrounded by family members and friends, they knew that this was just the beginning of a new chapter in their lives. They had been through so much together, and now they were finally free to start anew.