captured from a dashboard camera on his patrol car showed him repeatedly asking the victim, Walter Scott, to stop running and then firing eight shots into Scott's back as he fled.

The incident sparked protests in North Charleston and around the country, with demonstrators calling for justice in a case they say highlights systemic racism in law enforcement. But as the nation grapples with the issue of police brutality against minorities, there are also those who question whether Scott's death was justified.

Scott was wanted on several warrants, including one for failing to pay child support. He was also a known drug user, according to police. But his family and friends say he was trying to turn his life around and was unarmed at the time of his death.

Scott's cousin, Tyneisha Harris, told reporters that her cousin had been trying to get his life together after years of addiction and was working to provide for his children. "He just wanted to be a better man," she said. "He didn't deserve this."

Scott's friend, Johnnie Rice, described him as a gentle soul who loved his family and was always willing to lend an ear to anyone in need. "He was not a violent person," Rice said. "I don't know why he was shot in the back. It doesn't make sense."

But Slager's attorney, David Aiken, defended his client's actions, saying that Scott had tried to grab the officer's gun during their confrontation and that the shots were fired in self-defense. "It is clear that there was a physical struggle between the two," he said in a statement.

The shooting has also sparked questions about the use of body cameras by police officers. North Charleston does not require its officers to wear body cameras, but Slager was wearing one at the time of the incident. The video shows the entire encounter from beginning to end and has been praised for its clarity.

But critics say that body camera footage alone is not enough to prevent police brutality against minorities. They argue that systemic racism in law enforcement must be addressed in order to truly address the issue.

"We need to have a conversation about race and policing," said civil rights leader Al Sharpton at a rally in North Charleston on Tuesday. "We cannot let this happen again. We must hold the police accountable."

As protests continue, it remains to be seen whether Slager will be found guilty of murder or any other charges. But for now, his arrest has brought renewed attention to the issue of police brutality against minorities and sparked a national conversation about race and justice.