far cry from the ‘Grits’ he was known as in his hometown.

Griffiths has spoken about how difficult it is to stay grounded in football, especially when you get an injury – or a relegation, as Hibernian experienced last season. He has been through all of that before, so he is acutely aware of the pitfalls that come with fame and fortune.

“I had a good relationship with everyone around me at Hibs, especially my family, friends and people on the street,” Griffiths said when we spoke in May 2019. “That’s how I stayed grounded. But football can be a dangerous game. It’s easy to get sucked up into it and lose touch with reality.”

He admits he struggled for balance during his time at Celtic, when the pressure to perform was immense and the weight of expectations even heavier than before. “There were times when I felt like I was letting people down or not living up to my own standards,” he said. “It can be tough, especially when you are playing for a big club like Celtic.”

The ‘Grits’ had a tumultuous time at Celtic, with a drugs scandal in 2018 and a ban for breach of betting regulations that same year taking its toll. He was dropped from the starting line-up by Neil Lennon after his return from injury, and then made his way to Derby County on loan before signing permanently for Wolves this summer.

Griffiths had an up-and-down spell with Derby, scoring two goals in eight games, but failing to make a real impact despite being a talisman for Hibernian previously. He has now signed a three-year contract at Molineux and is eager to prove himself once again.

“I think I’ve made mistakes in the past that have cost me opportunities,” he said. “But I don’t want to dwell on what happened. All I can do now is look forward and try to do my best.”

Griffiths has always had a love for football, starting out at Edinburgh school Morningside United before moving on to Hibernian as a teenager. He admits that the sport has consumed him at times, but he now realises how important it is to keep a balance between work and leisure.

“It’s hard to switch off when you love football so much, especially when you are playing at a high level,” he said. “But I’ve learned that it’s important to take time out for yourself and do things that make you happy outside of the game.”

Griffiths has been spending more time with his family since leaving Hibernian, particularly his two-year-old daughter, Ava. He is also looking forward to getting involved in charity work once again, having previously worked with Sick Kids and other causes close to his heart.

“I’ve had a lot of people who have helped me along the way, so I want to give back and help others,” he said. “It’s important to use your platform for good.”