the journey down the A1 doing a brisk jog in an effort to catch up with their manager.

For the second successive week, Middlesbrough’s defence has been utterly exposed and torn apart. Watford are no world-beaters, but their attacking play was of a quality that would have brought about a goal against any side other than Boro. The only reason it didn’t is because of some rather basic defending on the part of George Friend and Ben Gibson.

Watford scored in the 30th minute after some rather pedestrian build up down the left. The ball was crossed into an area where Gibson should have had no trouble in getting his head to, but instead he was too easily distracted by a dummy run from Etienne Capoue and left it for Friend to try and clear. It was a mistake that would have been costly had it not been for the heroics of Victor Valdes, who made a fine one-handed save.

But Watford weren’t done yet. On the half hour mark, the ball was played into an area where Gibson could have scored a simple tap in. But instead he completely missed the ball and left it for Troy Deeney to poke home. There were no excuses for that one either.

The second half didn’t get off to a much better start when a cross from the right was allowed to fly through Gibson’s legs, resulting in a third Watford goal in the 56th minute. Aitor Karanka brought on Daniel Ayala and Fabio Ferguson for the last 15 minutes or so, but it was too late. The damage had been done.

This is now Middlesbrough’s fourth consecutive defeat on the road and they have yet to score a goal away from home this season. It’s becoming increasingly clear that the side currently being played in front of us isn’t the same one that so narrowly avoided relegation last season, and it doesn’t look like anything is going to be done about it.

Aitor Karanka has yet to make a significant signing this summer, despite being linked with numerous players across Europe, and it looks like he’ll be left with the same squad that struggled for consistency last season. Whether they can perform well enough to get out of the relegation zone remains to be seen.