oyant – but there’s a certain magic to his game, a certain panache that makes him hard to ignore, even when he’s not at his best.

Today in Paris, Monfils was not at his best against the steady, grinding style of Tomáš Berdych. It was an uncomfortable match for both players, with lots of long rallies, lots of unforced errors and few chances to break serve. But in the end, it was Berdych who emerged victorious, winning 6-3, 7-5.

Monfils, for his part, did not seem particularly bothered by the outcome. Asked about his performance after the match, he simply shrugged and said: “I’m happy to be playing again. That’s all that matters.”

Perhaps he was being facetious. Perhaps he was just trying to put a positive spin on things. But either way, there was no denying that Monfils looked less than thrilled with the way he played today – or perhaps with the way things have gone more generally in his career.

Monfils has always been something of an enigma, a player who is capable of great things but who often struggles to put it all together. He has reached the quarterfinals at three Grand Slam tournaments (Australian Open 2010, French Open 2013, Wimbledon 2016) and has won several Masters titles (Paris 2015, Miami 2016, Monte Carlo 2016), but he has never been able to sustain that level of performance over a prolonged period.

There have been plenty of reasons for his ups and downs over the years: injuries, lack of focus, personal issues – you name it. But whatever the cause, Monfils has always had a certain spark, a certain charisma that makes him worth watching. And perhaps that is enough to keep him going, to keep him believing that he can still achieve great things on the court.

For now, though, Monfils will have to be content with winning some small victories and taking things one day at a time. It may not be the most exciting way to approach things, but for a player who has struggled so much in recent years, it might just be enough to keep him motivated and focused on his goals – whatever they may be.