thousand people from across Europe came to settle in England. So what makes us uniquely English? Is it our history, our culture or our traditions?

History
Our history is a rich tapestry of Roman conquests, invasions by the Saxons and Vikings, Norman conquest in 1066, civil wars and religious conflicts between Catholics and Protestants. Our kings and queens have come from all over Europe – Henry VIII’s father was from Spain, Edward VI was the son of the Duke of Lancaster who had Yorkshire roots but was born in France, Charles I was a Scottish Stuart, George III was a Hanoverian German, Victoria was the daughter of a German prince and so on. We have been shaped by invasions, conquests and colonisations – many of which have left an indelible mark on our society, language, art and architecture.

Culture
Our culture is a blend of different influences – Latin from the Romans, Norse from the Vikings, French from the Normans, Celtic from Wales and Scotland, and European art and literature. We have produced great works of literature such as Shakespeare, Dickens, Jane Austen and Charles Dickens. Our music has been influenced by folk, classical and jazz. Our art has been shaped by the Renaissance, the Baroque, Romanticism and Modernism. Our food and drink come from all over Europe – our cuisine is a melting pot of Mediterranean, Middle Eastern, Indian and Asian flavours.

Traditions
Our traditions are a reflection of our history and culture. We have traditional festivals such as Christmas, Easter, Halloween, Bonfire Night, Diwali and St George’s Day. We have traditional customs such as afternoon tea, fish and chips, curry nights, Sunday roast dinners and pancake day. Our institutions such as the monarchy, the House of Commons and the Church of England are centuries old and steeped in tradition.

So what makes us uniquely English? It is the blend of our history, culture and traditions that make us who we are – a tapestry of influences from all over Europe woven together over hundreds of years. As Prime Minister David Cameron puts it, ‘We should be proud of our past, but also look forward to our future’. But let’s not forget that as English people we have much in common with the rest of Europe – language, culture and traditions. So instead of celebrating what makes us different, let’s celebrate what unites us with the rest of Europe.