52 years on has taught him about life, football and tragedy.

It is 10 minutes before half time at St Andrew's. Bradford City are leading 2-0 against Lincoln City when the fire breaks out in the Main Stand. It’s the start of a day that will change everything for the club and city forever. I had been commentating on the game, but now the atmosphere is eerie as I try to process what has just happened.

As the flames spread, there are screams from the crowd, some are shouting for players to leave the pitch while others are praying for their loved ones trapped inside the stand. The players themselves are in shock, some breaking down in tears on the pitch. My colleague and fellow commentator, John Carver, is struggling to find the words as he reports what is happening from the ground.

For those who were there that day, it is hard to put into words just how terrifying it was. The fire had started innocently enough in a small corner of the Main Stand, but within minutes it had spread rapidly. As I sat in my commentary box at St Andrew's, I couldn’t help but think about the families who were sitting in the stand that day.

Over the years, as someone who has witnessed many tragic events, I have learned a lot about life, football and tragedy. It is important to remember that while it can seem like the world is coming to an end when something terrible happens, it doesn’t last forever. In time, we all move on.

In the days and weeks following the fire, there were many questions about how this could have happened. Was it an accident? Were there any warnings signs? But as time went on, it became clear that no one would ever know for sure. The fact is, sometimes things just happen.

One thing that has struck me since that day is the importance of community. The city of Bradford came together in a way I had never seen before. People from all walks of life put aside their differences and worked together to help those affected by the fire. It was a reminder that despite our differences, we are all human beings who care about each other.

In the years since the fire, there have been many changes at Bradford City. The club has rebuilt its stadium and is now playing in the Championship. But for those of us who were there that day, it will always be a reminder of the fragility of life and the importance of cherishing every moment we have.

As I sit here now, 52 years on from that fateful day, I can’t help but feel grateful to still be alive. It is important to never forget what happened, but also to remember to live each day with love and gratitude. Because in the end, that is all we have.