able streets of King's Road or, more recently, Notting Hill.

But what exactly is it about these high-end stores that has them hooked? Are they simply drawn to the designer labels on offer? Or is there something deeper at play? We decided to delve into their shopping habits to find out...

First up, let's consider the cast members themselves. There are 16 of them in total (including Lucy Watson's brother Charlie and her sister Tiffany), so it's no surprise that they have a diverse range of tastes when it comes to fashion.

At one end of the spectrum you have the glamour pusses like Jamie Laing and Binky Walsh, who are more than happy to splash out on designer handbags and dresses. Then there are those who prefer a more laid-back look, such as Oliver Phelps and Mark-Francis Vandelli, who opt for jeans and T-shirts.

In terms of shopping habits, it seems that the cast are divided into two main groups: those who like to shop alone and those who enjoy doing it with friends.

Jamie and Binky, for example, are known to hit the shops together on a regular basis. Similarly, Lucy Watson and her sister Tiffany often go shopping together when they're in London.

On the other hand, some of the cast prefer to shop alone. This includes Hugo Taylor, who is said to be quite particular about his clothing choices, and Kelly Brooks, who has been spotted shopping on her own on several occasions.

So what is it that draws them to these high-end stores? Could it be the fact that they're able to find unique pieces that no one else will have? Or perhaps it's simply the thrill of the hunt, the excitement of finding a bargain or a rare item.

Whatever the reason may be, one thing is clear: the Made In Chelsea cast are not afraid to spend money on their wardrobes. Whether they're splashing out on designer labels or hunting down bargains in charity shops, they all have a keen eye for fashion and a passion for shopping.

So the next time you see them swanning around King's Road, don't be surprised if they're popping into one of the many boutiques that line the streets. After all, when you're in the company of these stylish individuals, anything is possible!