, is calling for all brides to receive free weddings after being left without employment for over two years.

"I am fed up of working hard for someone else's business and not getting anything back," she said. "All I want is one day where I can be the centre of attention, a beautiful bride in a white dress, with all the bells and whistles. I believe it's every woman's right to have that day."

The 37-year-old has been looking for work since being made redundant from her job at a factory two years ago and is currently claiming benefits. She said she had spent time considering getting married and starting a family but had not been able to afford it due to financial constraints. "I've got no money, I've got nothing," she added. "I'm just an unemployed woman, trying to find her way in the world."

Ms Broom believes that, as taxpayers fund many aspects of daily life such as hospitals, education and welfare, it is only fair that they should also contribute towards weddings. She argued that marriage is a vital part of society and promotes stability and social cohesion. "Marriage is the bedrock of society," she said. "It's what keeps us together. Without it, we would all be running around like headless chickens."

The idea of free weddings for unemployed brides has been met with mixed reactions from local residents. While some see it as a worthy cause, others argue that there are more pressing issues to be addressed such as housing and job creation.

Local councillor, Martin Ashcroft, said he believed that while everyone should have the opportunity to marry, it was not realistic or practical to fund free weddings for all brides, especially during a time of economic hardship. "We need to focus on creating jobs and improving people's lives," he said. "While I sympathise with Anna Broom's situation, we cannot afford to pay for every single wedding in the area."

However, some residents, such as 56-year-old Barbara Johnson, believe that providing free weddings for unemployed brides would be a fair and generous gesture. "We all have to make sacrifices sometimes," she said. "If we can afford to give money to banks and big corporations, why can't we help out someone who just wants to start their life together?"

Ms Broom has yet to find a groom but hopes that one day soon her dream of being a bride will become a reality - and that the taxpayer will foot the bill. "I would like to meet someone who shares my values and believes in what I believe in," she said. "And when we do, I hope they will support me in this."