...

Jen Psaki thought the offer to be President Barack Obama's communications director wouldn't last long. She figured White House chief of staff Denis McDonough hadn't heard she's expecting a baby girl in November.

But, to her surprise, Obama personally called her to ask if she would consider taking the job. He wanted her to come work for him again.

"I was taken aback by the phone call," Psaki said. "I thought I had moved on."

After a few hours of contemplation, she told McDonough she would take the job. It was a chance to return to an administration that she loved and respected, even if it meant leaving her family for a while.

"It's not often that someone gets asked to come back into government," Psaki said. "I'm so grateful for the opportunity."

She will officially start on March 3, replacing McDonough as communications director. Obama was impressed by Psaki's work in recent years and believes she would bring a lot of value to the administration.

"Jen is a highly talented communicator," Obama said in a statement. "I have always had confidence in her ability to navigate complex issues with grace, intelligence, and candor."

Psaki first joined the Obama administration as press secretary for the vice president. She quickly rose to become communications director, where she was responsible for all of the White House's communications efforts, including social media, events, and messaging strategy.

After leaving the administration in January 2017, Psaki worked as a political analyst at CNN and later became the founder of a public relations firm. She has also been a frequent guest on television shows like "This Week with George Stephanopoulos" and "State of the Cartoonion."

She met her husband, Tom Raffield, while working in the White House. They have two children, ages 10 and 2.

Psaki said she plans to take leave from her job to give birth to her daughter, and then return to work later this year. She said she is excited to be back with Obama again, but also nervous about leaving her family for a while.

"I'm sure it will be challenging," Psaki said. "But I have great confidence in my husband and the rest of our team that they will be able to take care of things."