little deeper into what to expect from the match, including how the teams can overcome injury and the tactics that could be employed.

Liverpool have been without their talismanic captain Jordan Henderson for several weeks after he suffered a groin injury in January. It has allowed other midfielders like Thiago Alcantara to step up into the starting line-up and take on more responsibility, which has given Liverpool a different dynamic in that area.

However, with Henderson expected to be available for this match, Liverpool are likely to have their most complete midfield available since his injury. It could be a key factor in their ability to control the game and keep Villa's attack at bay.

Villa will be hoping that Jack Grealish is fit enough to play in what would undoubtedly be a high-pressure match for him. He has been out with a hamstring injury but is expected to be back in the squad for this game.

The midfield battle could well be a key area of focus for both sides, with Villa's Douglas Luiz and Grealish looking to control the tempo while Liverpool seek to break through their opponents with their counterattacks. The Reds will need to be wary of the pace that Villa possess in their frontline, though, as Ollie Watkins and Jack Higginson-White have been in excellent form recently.

Liverpool's defence has been solid this season but they have yet to face a team with the same kind of threat from wide positions as Villa will bring. Tyrone Mings and Matty Cash have been outstanding for Villa in that area, and it will be interesting to see how Liverpool cope with their pace and directness.

In terms of tactics, both sides may well opt to play a more defensive approach initially, looking to keep the ball away from danger and gradually work on creating chances as the match progresses. However, neither manager is likely to be too reluctant to throw caution to the wind if they sense an opportunity to score.

Liverpool's strength lies in their ability to counterattack quickly when they lose possession, while Villa's is in their pace and directness from wide positions. It could make for a fascinating spectacle at Wembley on Sunday, with both sides determined to emerge victorious and secure a place in the FA Cup final.

Liverpool have won just one of their last four matches in all competitions and are struggling to find form at present, while Villa have been in excellent form lately, winning six of their last seven games in all competitions. It is difficult to predict which side will come out on top, but both will be eager to prove their worth on what is a massive occasion for both clubs.