Judy Barefield and her three children, Patricia, Kevin and Angela, were found dead in their home in Albertville in January 1985. Bobby Ray Fields was initially charged with kidnapping and raping Barefield, as well as the murders of her children. He was later sentenced to death for each of the four offenses.

But on Thursday, prosecutors filed a motion to dismiss Fields' conviction on grounds that there is not enough evidence linking him to the killings. The motion was granted by Jefferson County Circuit Judge Lynn Davis, who had ordered a new trial for Fields earlier this year after a jury deadlocked in his retrial case.

"We believe the state has presented no evidence that would justify a conviction," Jefferson County District Attorney David Porter said in a statement. "We will continue to fight for justice for the victims of these heinous crimes."

Fields, who was 17 at the time of his arrest, had spent 29 years on death row before being granted a new trial earlier this year. During that trial, prosecutors presented DNA evidence that placed Fields at the crime scene, but the jury deadlocked.

After the trial, Porter's office began reviewing the case and found that there was no physical evidence linking Fields to the murders, and no witnesses had come forward with any information implicating him in the killings. The office also noted that some of the initial testimony from key witnesses had since been discredited or found to be false.

"After careful review of all the evidence, we have come to the conclusion that there is simply not enough evidence to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that Bobby Ray Fields is guilty of these crimes," Porter said in a statement Thursday.

Fields' attorneys, who had been fighting for his release for decades, thanked Porter for reexamining the case and dropping the charges.

"We are overjoyed by this news, but we want to emphasize that Bobby Ray Fields is innocent," defense attorney Robert Hicks said in a statement. "It has taken almost 30 years, but justice has finally been served."