side were leading Saracens 14-9 with just six minutes remaining in extra time. In the dying seconds, fullback Elliot Daly attempted to hack at Wasps fly-half Jimmy Gopperth with a high boot, and while there was no intent to cause injury, he was still caught with his foot above his opponent’s waist. Referees Nigel Owens and Gerry Garvey did not miss the incident and immediately sent Daly off. But it was only in the dressing rooms after the match that the officials discovered the full extent of Gopperth’s injuries, which included a fractured fibula, dislocation of the ankle and ligament damage. Wasps coach Young is now fuming at what he sees as a monumental error by the officials.

Young: “We were leading Saracens with six minutes to go in extra time. We had two drop-goals left to win the game, so we’re on the brink of an incredible upset when Daly commits this foul. He was trying to kick at Jimmy Gopperth’s shins and missed – he didn’t intend to hurt him, but there is absolutely no excuse for that kind of behaviour, especially with six minutes left in the game. We should have won that match, we were well on top of it, and I can’t believe it came down to a ridiculous decision like that.”

“To be fair, I think Elliot Daly was trying to do the right thing by kicking at Jimmy’s shins instead of the ankle. But he has still committed a serious foul and he should have been sent off for it – there is no doubt about that. We didn’t get any penalty points for it either, which made things even worse.”

“The officials are supposed to be upholding the highest standards in this game and we can only hope they learn from their mistake. But it won’t help us much now; we still have to deal with the aftermath of losing our star player in such a cruel way, just when he was back in form.”

“Jimmy has been playing really well for us lately and he was looking set for another man-of-the-match performance on Sunday. But now he’s out for several weeks with a serious injury that could have been avoided. It’s a devastating blow to the team, but we have to pull together now and get ready for our next game without him.”

“We still believe we can make it into the quarter-finals, though. We’ve got two more games left – at home against Leicester and away at Cardiff – so if we win both of those, we could still qualify. But we’ll need to find some inspiration from somewhere and play with a lot more passion than we did on Sunday.”

Young: “It’s been a frustrating season for us in the Champions Cup, but I still believe we can achieve something great. We’ve got a really talented group of players here and we can’t give up now. We have to keep pushing forward and try to find ways to win games, even if it means playing without some of our key players.”

“We have to be honest with ourselves and accept that there were some mistakes made on Sunday. But we also have to remember that we played really well for most of the match and we were on the verge of an upset. We can’t let that go to waste; we have to keep fighting and trying to win games, no matter what happens.”

“We’re a strong team, both mentally and physically, and I still believe we can make something of this season. We just have to keep working hard and playing with heart – and if we do that, who knows what we could achieve?”