The 34-year-old player, who famously kicked a penalty goal in extra-time against Wales to secure an historic Grand Slam victory in March 2017, has been out of action since April after sustaining a concussion following a collision with Saracens’ prop Richard Wigglesworth.

He returned to the training ground on Monday and is set to be included in England’s squad for their summer tour of Australia, but he knows that the toll of rugby on the body continues to mount, especially when it comes to head injuries.

“I think the game is getting more physical,” O’Shea said. “The force behind tackles has gone up and up in recent years and that makes it harder for players like Mike Brown to play week after week. I know he’s a very resilient guy, but there comes a point when you have to worry about the long-term effects of these head injuries.

“I’ve had my fair share of concussions over the years and I’m grateful to be able to keep playing, but it’s not something you ever take lightly.”

O’Shea believes that a culture of fear around head injuries is starting to change and that players are becoming more open about seeking help when they need it. However, he knows there is still a long way to go before the game is completely safe.

“There have been some really big changes in the way we approach head injuries and I think that’s great,” O’Shea said. “But we still have a responsibility as players to look after ourselves and make sure we are getting the right help when we need it. It’s up to us to speak up and say if we feel uncomfortable or unsafe.”

In the meantime, O’Shea is focused on getting back to full fitness before England tour Australia in June and July. He knows that he will have some stiff competition for a place in the squad, but he is determined to be part of the team.

“I’m feeling really good, I’ve been working hard in the gym and out on the pitch,” O’Shea said. “I know there are some talented full backs coming through the ranks, but I want to give it my best shot and show the coaches what I can do.”