2018 champion Patrick Reed is a prime example — it feels like we should look beyond some of the more established names, especially given the quality of the field this year. Justin Thomas, the reigning PGA Championship winner, is a strong candidate to claim his first major title here this week. However, there are other young Americans in the field who could also make a big impact.

Here are our picks for the Best American at the 79th Masters: 1. Jordan Spieth: The reigning Open Championship winner has struggled with putting and consistency this season but was excellent around the greens last week at the Valero Texas Open, finishing T-3. He's won three major championships already in his career and is due for another soon. 

2. Justin Thomas: The reigning PGA champion is coming off a solid week at the Arnold Palmer Invitational, where he finished T-6. He's been very good on the greens this season and has improved his driving accuracy over the past few years. 

3. Xander Schauffele: The 2018 U.S. Amateur champion is a rising star in American golf. He had a strong showing at the Valero Texas Open, finishing T-19, but had a better performance at the Players Championship last week, where he finished T-4. 

4. Collin Morikawa: The 2020 PGA Rookie of the Year has been in great form this season, winning two PGA Tour events and finishing in the top five at both the Arnold Palmer Invitational and the Players Championship last week. He's a solid ball-striker and a good putter. 

5. Sam Burns: The 2019 U.S. Amateur runner-up is another young American who could make a big impact this week. He had a strong showing at the Valero Texas Open, where he finished T-25, but had an even better performance at the Players Championship last week, finishing T-7. 

Overall, there are plenty of talented Americans in the field this week and any one of them could potentially win the tournament. However, if I had to pick just one, I'd go with Jordan Spieth. He's due for a major championship and has shown signs of returning to his old form in recent weeks.