ilded glow may have come at an unexpected cost – as experts now reveal that the chemicals in fake tans could be causing skin cancer and wrinkles.

The rise of the fake tan industry has exploded in recent years with a huge range of products available, from creams and sprays to lotions and gels. But while they may seem harmless enough, the chemicals used in these products can cause severe damage to the skin.

Dr Andrew Weyrich, a dermatologist at the University of Texas Health Science Center, said: ‘Some of the ingredients in fake tans, such as Dihydroxyacetone (DHA), have been linked to an increased risk of skin cancer and premature aging of the skin. This is because they cause DNA damage, which can lead to skin cancer.

‘When you apply a fake tan product containing these chemicals to your skin, the molecules absorb into your skin cells and bind to the DNA. Over time this can cause damage that could lead to cancer.’

As well as an increased risk of skin cancer, Dr Weyrich warned that regular use of fake tans could also result in premature wrinkling and age spots on the skin.

‘The chemicals in these products can cause inflammation and oxidative stress, which are known to speed up the aging process,’ he said. ‘So if you want to look younger for longer, it might be best to steer clear of fake tans.’

It’s not just the chemicals used in fake tans that can be harmful to our skin – even the UV light used by some self-tanning devices is known to cause damage.

Dr Weyrich added: ‘Many people use self-tanning devices, such as sunbeds, which emit UV light to achieve a tan. But this type of light can cause premature aging and an increased risk of skin cancer.’

So what’s the best way to get a healthy glow without using fake tans? Dr Weyrich suggested embracing natural alternatives, such as spending time outdoors in the sun or using products that contain natural ingredients like aloe vera or cocoa butter.

‘It’s important to remember that true beauty comes from within, so it’s best to focus on nourishing your skin and taking care of yourself naturally rather than relying on harmful chemicals or UV light,’ he said. ‘Your skin will thank you in the long run.’