arrowing mistakes; he was also unlucky enough to be the victim of a seething England team.

Downton had never been one to shy away from bold decisions, but his tenure as England director of cricket was defined by a series of blunders that left him exposed. It is a sad truth that he has been unable to escape the consequences of those mistakes, even after two years in retirement and a successful stint overseeing India's Twenty20 team.

It all began with his decision to overlook England's greatest-ever batsman in 2013. Kevin Pietersen's axing was controversial from the start and led to widespread outrage, but it also set a tone for Downton's tenure as England coach that was defined by a fear of making unpopular decisions.

There have been plenty more instances since, from the bizarre dismissal of Peter Moores in 2013 to the failure to appoint a new head coach after his departure, and the unsuccessful bid to replace Moeen Ali in the England team at the 2015 World Cup. And then there was the fateful Ashes tour, where Downton was unable to steer England away from a humiliating defeat.

Downton's time in charge of England has been marked by an almost total lack of success, and the feeling among many observers is that he simply did not have the necessary experience to lead one of the world's biggest cricket nations. It is hard to imagine anyone else stepping into his shoes if England were to lose their way again.

But for all of this, there are still those who will defend Downton, arguing that he was a victim of circumstances and that the mistakes he made should not be held against him. And it is true that his record in the IPL has been impressive, with India winning two titles under his stewardship.

Ultimately, however, there is no escaping the fact that Downton's tenure as England coach was a disaster, and that his failures have left a permanent stain on his reputation. It is a sobering reality for someone who once seemed destined for greatness in the world of cricket management.