udicrous, scientists have evidence that some moons in our solar system are potentially habitable, despite having no sun of their own.

According to new research published in the journal Astronomy and Geophysics, water ice has been discovered on three moons around Saturn - Enceladus, Europa and Ganymede. Scientists say that although these moons don't have sunlight, they have liquid water oceans beneath their icy surfaces. And that means there could be life.

The discovery was made by studying the wavelengths of radio waves emitted by the moons. Radio waves are similar to microwaves and can penetrate through ice. Scientists used a telescope in California to observe these radio waves and were surprised to find that some of them had been absorbed by the water ice on the moons.

Dr James Green, a planetary scientist at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies in New York, said: "We've detected water vapour in the atmosphere of Enceladus and liquid water beneath its surface. And now we know that Europa and Ganymede also have oceans beneath their icy crusts."

The discovery challenges the idea that life requires sunlight. Dr Green said: "This is an exciting new development, as it suggests that life may be able to survive in environments that were previously thought to be inhospitable."

However, experts warn that while water is a key ingredient for life as we know it, it is not enough on its own. Life also requires energy - usually from the sun. The question now is how these moons generate this energy.

Professor Richard Wallett, an astrobiologist at University College London, said: "If water ice exists in these places then there's a chance it could be used by life to generate energy. But if that's the case, then we need to find out how."

The discovery could have profound implications for our understanding of the universe and our place within it. If life can exist on planets without sunlight, it could open up new possibilities for finding other forms of life in the cosmos.