ed words of encouragement and support she gave to Jack Osbourne and his wife, Lisa Stelly, when they welcomed their fifth child together had made her feel more connected with him than ever, it seems she is now feeling drawn to Jack herself.

After claiming in a previous interview that she was ‘tired of looking at Jack’s face’, Jenna Flaviano has opened up about her true feelings for the rocker during an exclusive chat with New Idea. She confessed that he had captured her heart and that she was now feeling very happy.

“I think I did fall for him. It's hard to put it into words but it’s like a little bit of magic,” Jenna admitted.

When asked whether or not Jack was aware of her feelings, she said: “No, he doesn't know yet.”

The 26-year-old, who made a surprise appearance on the Osbourne family Christmas episode in December, has been spending a lot of time with Jack and his family since then. She had previously expressed that she felt like an outsider when attending their gatherings and was very uncomfortable around them, but it seems things have changed significantly now.

“It's been really nice to get to know them better,” Jenna said. “They’re such a sweet, loving family and I feel so lucky to be a part of it.”

Jenna has also been spending a lot more time with Jack himself since their failed wedding day, with the rocker inviting her to join him on his band's tour last month. During this time, they have been inseparable and Jenna said that she had never felt so close to anyone before.

“We just hit it off," she said. “I feel like we have a really good connection. He’s such a kind and caring guy and I love that about him.”

Jenna's revelation comes after the Married at First Sight star initially claimed that she had left her groom at the altar because she was not attracted to him. She had previously expressed that his looks did not match up with what she had imagined in her mind and that she felt embarrassed by how he looked when they first met.

However, she has since admitted that this was just an excuse and that she actually had romantic feelings for him all along.

“I don't really know why I said that,” Jenna confessed. “It was just a weird moment and I didn't want to hurt his feelings.”

Jenna added that she was now feeling ‘really happy’ with Jack and that they had developed a close bond that went beyond just friends.

“I feel like we have this amazing connection," she said. “It's something that can only happen between two people who are meant to be together."