a rare genetic condition which would mean she would be confined to a wheelchair for the rest of her life when she was just two weeks old.

However, it wasn't until Natasha was 18 months old that doctors realized they had made a huge mistake and that she did not have the condition after all. The blunder was caused by an administrative error which meant Paula and her husband Neil were never told about a second test which confirmed Natasha's health.

By then, however, Natasha had already suffered severe brain damage and Paula had been told her son Anthony, who was born two years later, would also be confined to a wheelchair for the rest of his life due to the same genetic condition. But after further tests, it was discovered that Anthony did not have the condition either and had instead suffered severe brain damage due to the same mistakes made by maternity staff.

Paula, from Carlisle, Cumbria, said: "It was like a nightmare. We were told our daughter would be confined to a wheelchair for the rest of her life and then our son. It was just devastating.

"It turned out that there had been an administrative error which meant we never knew about second tests. If only we had known, things could have been so different."

Paula, who is now 42, said she had to fight for every penny for the care her children received after they were both born with disabilities. She added: "It was a real battle. We had to do everything we could to get them the care they needed. It wasn't easy but we did it.

"We couldn't change the past, of course, but we can make sure that other families don't go through what we did. That's why I'm campaigning for better maternity care and more transparency from hospitals."

Natasha, now 20, has suffered severe brain damage as a result of the mistakes made by doctors and has to rely on a wheelchair to move around. She is unable to walk or talk but can communicate using sign language.

Anthony, now 18, has also suffered severe brain damage and requires round-the-clock care from his parents.

Paula's campaign has been backed by the charity Maternal Oasis, which was set up in memory of a baby girl who died just three days after her birth in 2005 as a result of mistakes made by maternity staff. The charity campaigns for improved communication between medical staff and parents and better support for families affected by maternity complications.