1) What does a typical superheat look like for a R22/R410a system?

Superheating is typically 5-10 degrees.

2) What would a high superheat be, and what would it indicate?

A very high superheat of 15+ degrees indicates that the compressor may be running hot due to overcharging or possibly poor airflow.

3) When is it acceptable for the superheat to exceed this range?

In hot weather, up to a max of about 10 degrees.

4) What happens when you see low superheating, and what does it indicate?

A lower than normal superheating indicates that the system may be slightly undercharged or that the compressor is not running properly.

We are pleased to introduce that, through cooperation with Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd., a series of studies aimed at the reduction in CO2 emissions from marine diesel engines and related equipment has been carried out.
In order to reduce CO2 emission, it is necessary to develop highly efficient fuel combustion technologies.
As a result of these studies, we have developed and patented new turbochargers that are equipped with our original devices that are effective for the high efficiency combustion technology of 2 stroke low speed diesel engines.

1)

[QUOTE=GregH1249;603015]I am not sure if this will be useful or not, but here are my thoughts. I have a 1982 743i with the 6 cylinder M21 turbocharged engine (Kugelfischer injection). The factory turbocharger is the KKK 13.4 turbocharger. It was modified by the factory for use on this engine to include a water cooled turbine housing and compressor. I also have an aftermarket T25 Garrett Turbocharger that was made for 944 turbo engines. It has a ceramic ball bearing center section with a steel center shaft, aluminum compressor housing with a billet aluminum inlet cover and an aluminum turbine housing with a water cooled center section (like the factory 743i/Kugelfischer engine turbocharger).

The T25 turbocharger is about 10% larger than the KKK turbocharger. It has a compressor impeller diameter of 2.48 inches and an exhaust turbine diameter of 3.2 inches. The KKK turbocharger is about 3% smaller with a compressor impeller diameter of 2.39 inches and an exhaust turbine diameter of 3.1 inches. The T25 has a slightly higher compression ratio (6.8:1) than the KKK (6.7:1). The factory KKK turbocharger has an outlet pressure rating of 10.8 psi, while the aftermarket T25 has an outlet pressure rating of 11.4 psi.

The KKK turbocharger was modified for use on the 743i by adding a water cooled turbine housing and compressor. The T25 has a billet aluminum inlet cover that is cooled by air (not water).

I have been doing some testing with both of these turbochargers on my 743i. It is very clear to me that there is a significant difference between the two turbochargers when using an intercooler. This was expected as they are different sizes and have different outlet pressure ratings. However, I am finding a surprising amount of difference when comparing the performance of both turbochargers without using an intercooler.

With no air inlet restriction or air filter (i.e. a straight through pipe from the front bumper to the engine), both turbochargers have similar boost pressures at various RPMs. At about 3000 RPM, the KKK has 6.4 psi of boost and the T25 has 7.2 psi of boost. The KKK turbocharger has a significantly larger increase in boost pressure from 4000 to 5000 RPM than the T25. The KKK jumps from about 8.3 psi at 4000 to about 11.7 psi at 5000 RPM while the T25 only goes from 9.3 to 10.8 psi.

At this time, I have not done any performance testing with these turbochargers without an intercooler, but I am planning on doing that soon. My engine is stock as far as I know. I do not have a performance chip in it or anything like that. This is a car that has about 130K miles on it and it still runs very strong. It was my first BMW and has been a great vehicle for me over the years.[/QUOTE]

Hi,
I am interested to hear your results with intercooler inlet air restriction. If you can please post them. I have an 82 745i that I use on track days. Its bone stock as of now and will be for a while, but the car has good HP for a stock car (at least what I think). With no intercooler its only putting out about 10 PSI at max rpm.
The air filter is pretty restrictive so that could be a factor in its low boost pressures. It does have the original KKK turbocharger which was modified from stock to allow for more boost. I am not sure if it is a water cooled housing or not though (I haven't taken the car apart).

The only mods I plan on doing are getting rid of the air restrictive filter and maybe swapping to an aftermarket one, and possibly a performance chip. I don't think the turbo would be able to handle much more boost than it can now without blowing itself up or having other problems, but I want to see how well its running first before I even consider doing anything else with it (not anytime soon).
I also have not heard of anyone racing the 743i/745i that has a turbo on it so there is little data out there for me to go by. Any help would be appreciated!