If you don’t want to subscribe and pay again, we recommend that you purchase an annual subscription. If you do so, you will be charged a reduced price.

Thank you.

There may be a problem with some of our members who did not understand the concept and thought that we would give them a free month when they renew their membership. This is not what we do at all. If you had a problem understanding this, please ask for help before renewing your membership so that we can make everything clear.

As you may know, some members have recently been banned for spamming, and there are also many fake accounts, in addition to the fact that the forum has become very large and many users have joined and are active on a daily basis and need help to manage them properly.

Therefore, it was decided to renew the licenses every month according to the membership period, whether monthly or annual, instead of the current 3 months for the free membership and one year for the premium.

We will not charge any additional money except for the purchase of the license itself. If you buy a membership and renew your membership after it is expired, then it will be valid for a month only (if you have a monthly or annual membership). If you want to keep your membership active, you can continue to renew it every month as long as you want, and we hope that you stay with us as long as possible.

As an example:
If you have a 1-year membership (annual license) and want to renew it, the current price of an annual membership is $69. If you decide not to renew after the expiry of your one year period, then you will be able to get back with us again by purchasing another annual license for $69. However, if you do not renew within a month, you will have to pay the full price.
If you want to continue using our service without interruption, please make sure that your membership is valid before it expires.

This has to be a glitch in the system. When I bought my membership back in August I paid an upfront cost of $10 per month for 3 months and when my card was automatically charged today it came out as $36. So that's $90 for 3 months, instead of just $30. I'd really rather not have to pay another $25 for the next few months.

I hope you can get this fixed ASAP!