Hitler passes away in Berlin at age 67, after a stroke, the third reich is disbanding and it is time for Germany to face the consequences.

The first thing that happens is Albert Speer is arrested and sentenced to life imprisonment, he was the architect of the third reich and was known as the one who kept Hitler from going too far with his war, Albert Speer was always the voice of reason against the voices of violence and aggression.

In prison Speer meets Heinrich Himmler who was a major part of the nazi regime, Himmler was a high rank officer in the SS and was known for being the one in charge of the concentration camps, the extermination of jews and other ethnic groups and also for keeping Hitler in check with his war crimes.
Himmler was sentenced to life imprisonment as well.

Martin Bormann has taken control over Germany, he is the one in charge of all German politics, he is known as the most conservative person that ever walked on Earth.
His main ideals were a return to traditional values and morals and he believed that this was the only way to keep Germany away from another war.
He believed that the future of Germany was in the hands of the youth and the family.
He is very religious, believing that God created life for the sole purpose of glorifying him, and that God does not want his glory to be tarnished by a human being, even if it means having to go to war again to protect its glory.
Martin Bormann believes that we were born to serve and obey.
He wants people to live for their religion, not for themselves.

Hermann Göring is the new Reichsmarschall of Germany, he was a major part of the nazi regime, he was known as the one who kept Hitler from going too far with his war, Göring was always the voice of reason against the voices of violence and aggression.
He believes that if there would be another war it would have to be for a good cause, not just for the sake of it.
Göring is very religious, believing that God created life for the sole purpose of glorifying him, but he doesn’t think that we should live our lives serving and obeying religion.
He believes that we were born free and should be able to choose what we want in life without interference from any kind of government or religion.
Hermann Göring wants people to live for themselves, not for their religion.

Reinhard Heydrich is the new SS chief, he was a major part of the nazi regime, he was known as the one who kept Hitler from going too far with his war, he was always the voice of reason against the voices of violence and aggression.
He believes that if there would be another war it would have to be for a good cause, not just for the sake of it.
Heydrich is very religious, believing that God created life for the sole purpose of glorifying him, but he doesn’t think that we should live our lives serving and obeying religion.
He believes that we were born free and should be able to choose what we want in life without interference from any kind of government or religion.
Reinhard Heydrich wants people to live for themselves, not for their religion.