i) Write the definition of Iodimetry.
ii) Give an example of an experiment involving Iodimetry
iii) Write down three ways in which the results of a titration can be checked
iv) What is meant by the term ‘end point’

[SOL]Iodimetric Titrations: An iodometric titration is one in which iodine or an ionic species such as iodide is used to determine the concentration of a solution. Such compounds are referred to as reducing agents.[/SOL]

[INSTRUCTIONS]

i) An Iodimetric Titration is an analytical technique which involves the titration of a solution of a reducing agent with a standard solution of iodine or potassium iodate (KIO3).
The reduced form of Iodine, I- is a deep violet coloured complex and it can be used to detect the end point of the titrations. This method has been widely used in quantitative analysis.[/INSTRUCTIONS]

Iodometry involves the use of iodine as an oxidant and a reducing agent. In this method, iodine is used to determine the concentration of a substance that can either be oxidized or reduced by iodine. The method involves two steps, the first step involves adding a small amount of starch solution to the test sample, which gives it a blue color due to the presence of iodine.

The second step is titrating with a standard solution of sodium thiosulfate, which reduces iodine back to iodide ions, giving a colorless solution. The amount of sodium thiosulfate used is calculated and from this, the concentration of the test sample is determined.

Iodometry is a method that involves oxidation of iodide by an oxidizing agent and reduction of iodine to iodide ions. This titrimetric analysis uses a potassium dichromate solution as an oxidant to determine the amount of iodine present in a given sample.

The reaction between iodide and potassium dichromate is stoichiometric, and therefore, this method can be used for accurate quantitative analysis of iodide in different samples. In this method, the end point of the titration is determined by adding starch solution to the reactant mixture, which produces a purple color when an excess of iodine has been added.

The amount of potassium dichromate used during titration can be calculated by comparing it with standardized sodium thiosulfate solution using titrimetric analysis. The main advantage of iodometry over other methods is that it does not require any additional reagents such as bromine or silver nitrate which are required for other methods like bromimetry or argentometry respectively.

This method also has lower detection limit than many other methods used in titrimetric analysis and can be easily applied to a variety of samples such as food products, pharmaceutical preparations etc., making it useful for quality control purposes in industries involving large scale production processes.

The iodometric method is based on the reduction of potassium dichromate (VI) by iodide ions to form chromium (III). In this titration, a standard solution of potassium dichromate (VI) is added slowly into an aliquot of the test sample until the color changes from yellowish brown to blue.

The endpoint of the reaction occurs when all of the iodide in the solution has been reduced by potassium dichromate, as indicated by a change in color from yellowish-brown to blue. The end point can be detected visually or with an indicator such as starch solution, which turns blue when iodine is present.

The amount of iodide ions in the sample can then be calculated based on how much potassium dichromate was required for reduction and how many milliliters were used from each standard solution. The results obtained using this method are accurate and precise, making it useful for determining low concentrations of iodine compounds such as iodide salts or organic iodides such as methylene blue.

Iodometry is a titrimetric analysis that measures the amount of iodine in a sample by oxidizing the sample with potassium permanganate (KMnO4). This method is based on the fact that KMnO4 is an excellent oxidizing agent and can be used to determine the concentration of iodide or iodine compounds.

The test is performed by adding a known volume of potassium permanganate solution to a measured amount of sample, which will be colored brown due to the presence of iodine. Then add sodium thiosulfate (Na2S2O3) until no more color change occurs and measure how much sodium thiosulfate was required for complete reduction of KMnO4 back to manganese dioxide (MnO2).

From this information, one can calculate how many milligrams of iodine are present in each gram sample.

Iodometry is a titrimetric analysis used to determine the concentration of iodine compounds in an aqueous solution. It is based on the reduction of potassium iodate (KIO3) by starch to form iodide ions and starch-iodine complexes, which absorb light at 500 nm. The amount of reducing agent required for complete reduction can be used to calculate the concentration of the sample.

The method involves adding a measured amount of the sample solution into a reaction flask containing an excess of potassium iodate and starch solution, and then titrating with standard sodium thiosulfate solution until no more color change occurs due to excess iodine being added to the reaction mixture. The end point of this titration is determined visually by observing a blue-black color indicating complete reduction of all iodine compounds present in the sample solution.

Once complete reduction has occurred, known quantities of standard sodium thiosulfate are added until no further color change occurs due to excess reagent being added back into the reaction mixture; this will indicate that all possible iodine has been oxidized by starch/sodium thiosulfate system.

Iodometry is a titrimetric analysis used to determine the amount of iodide in a solution. It involves the addition of an excess of potassium iodide to a standard volume of sample and then titrating with sodium thiosulfate until an endpoint is reached, which is indicated by the appearance of a deep blue color due to the formation of starch-iodine complexes.

The end point can also be detected using other indicators such as potassium dichromate (K2Cr2O7) or barium chloride (BaCl2). Once the endpoint has been reached, known amounts of sodium thiosulfate are added until no further change occurs. The total volume of titrant used is then recorded and converted into millimoles per liter using molar masses for each reagent involved in the titration process.

This value can then be compared with the calculated concentration of iodide present in the sample solution to determine its accuracy level when determining concentrations within experimental error limits.

I wrote down the reaction for the titration as follows

Sodium Thio sulphate + Potassium dichromate(in acidic medium) -> Potassium Sulfate + Chromyl chloride + Sulphur dioxide gas
2Na_{2}S_{2}O_{3}(aq)+ K_{2}Cr_{2}O_{7}(aq)(acidified)-> 2K_{2}SO_{4}(aq) + SO_{2}(g)+ CrO_{2}Cl_{2}(aq)

I couldn't understand how to find the molarity of sodium thiosulfate.
Please help me.

Last edited by a moderator: