The answer is No!

The question is often asked by people who are in a relationship with a Narcissistic Mother (NM) or other Narcissistic Personality Disorder (NPD) parent, and they want to know if she can still love her children. The answer is Yes; NMs do love their children, but not the way that you would think.

What are the ways in which a NM can still show that she loves her child? One of those ways is through gifts, trips or other material items that are given to the children. Another way is by bragging about them to others. However, what many people do not realize is how these actions can be harmful for everyone involved including the parents themselves.

“What you love determines what you do” -Marcus Aurelius

If a mother loves her children and only them does it mean she can not be a narcissist?

The answer is No! The question is often asked by people who are in a relationship with a Narcissistic Mother (NM) or other NPD parent, and they want to know if she can still love her children. The answer is Yes; NMs do love their children, but not the way that you would think.

What are the ways in which a NM can still show that she loves her child? One of those ways is through gifts, trips or other material items that are given to the children. Another way is by bragging about them to others. However, what many people do not realize is how these actions can be harmful for everyone involved including the parents themselves.

The mother who only loves her child may feel very lonely and isolated because of this situation. She also might have a hard time finding friends with whom she feels comfortable sharing personal information about herself and/or her family life in general due to being worried that others will not understand or accept what is going on at home. This can lead the mother into feeling very alone in life which could cause depression over time if left unaddressed by seeking professional help from a therapist or counselor who specializes in working with families affected by narcissistic personality disorder (NPD).

A lot of people are wondering, “if a mother loves her children and only them does it mean she can not be a narcissist?” The answer is no.

In fact, the opposite might be true: if you have a child who has been abused by your ex-husband or wife (who is also an alcoholic), then it’s possible that he/she may exhibit symptoms of narcissistic personality disorder (NPD). This means he/she will act entitled to things like attention from others and admiration for themselves while lacking empathy towards others’ needs and feelings.

It could also mean they display grandiosity through their achievements at work or school where they feel superior over other people because they think their accomplishments are more important than anyone else’s accomplishments in life. However, if you suspect that someone close to you may suffer from this disorder then there are some ways for identifying these signs so we can help them get treatment sooner rather than later before things get worse!

Narcissistic mothers often have a hard time loving their children and only them. They’re often very jealous of other people, especially those who they feel threaten their relationship with their child. A mother may love her children but if she feels that another person is more important than they are, then she will be unable to show the same kind of love towards her child as she does towards this other individual.

The reason why this happens is because narcissistic mothers tend to see themselves in their kids (and vice versa). If another person threatens their relationship with their children then they will try to do anything possible so that the other individual doesn’t get closer than they already are! It’s important for parents who want their children’s best interests at heart not only when raising them but also after they become adults – especially if there’s an issue like addiction or mental health problems involved here too.*