I will try to summarize the Swedish Constitution:

The Swedish Parliament (Riksdag) is composed of 349 members, elected by the people for a four-year term. The government consists of a Prime Minister and no more than fourteen other cabinet members, appointed by the Riksdag on the proposal of the prime minister. All ministers are chosen from the members of Parliament.

The Prime Minister is selected by the members of parliament themselves. The Prime Minister can be dismissed only if a majority of the members vote against him/her in the chamber. However, the Prime Minister must have the support of at least one fifth of the total membership in order to survive a vote of non-confidence.

The Swedish constitution has no written document that can be called as such. The fundamental laws of Sweden are laid down in the Instrument of Government (Regeringsformen), the Freedom of the Press Act and the Fundamental Law on Freedom of Expression and the Fundamental Law on Equality Between Women and Men.

The Swedish King is Head of State, but has no direct power over the government or parliament; all legislative, executive and judicial powers rest with these two branches. In matters of foreign policy and military affairs he consults with his Council of State which consists of ministers responsible for those areas. The monarch's role in Swedish politics is purely ceremonial.

The king cannot dissolve parliament or call new elections; this power rests with the Riksdag itself, which decides on its own prorogation (a period during which it does not sit) by a simple majority vote.

Sweden's legal system is based on Roman-Dutch law and customary laws of various provinces. The first codification was the Statute Book of 1680, followed by several others including the Law Code of 1734. Since then there have been numerous statutes, decrees and regulations issued by successive governments that have served as guidelines for legal interpretation and application in Sweden.

The courts are divided into three levels: district court (tingsrätt), appeals court (hovrätt) and supreme court (högsta domstolen). There is also a constitutional court called Svea Hovrätt which interprets the constitution and has jurisdiction over cases concerning constitutional law.

Sweden is a parliamentary monarchy, whereby the monarch holds no political power except for signing bills into law; this prerogative cannot be delegated to anyone else without his or her consent. The king or queen appoints cabinet ministers upon recommendation from the prime minister; these appointees are subject to approval by a majority vote of members in parliament before they assume office.

The king or queen may also nominate persons who have distinguished themselves in public service as members of his or her personal cabinet (kunglig hovstat), but only if this is recommended by the government first; these people do not hold any actual offices within government itself though their position carries considerable prestige and status.

The current monarch is Carl XVI Gustaf, who ascended to the throne in 1973 on his mother's deathbed at age 25 (after a brief regency by Queen Ingrid). He married Silvia Sommerlath of Brazil in 1976 and they have three children together: Crown Princess Victoria (born 1977), Prince Carl Philip (born 1979) and Princess Madeleine (born 1982).

The king's role is mostly ceremonial today although he still holds some powers such as appointing government ministers upon recommendation from the prime minister, signing bills into law after they have been passed by parliament, and opening new sessions of parliament. He also presides over meetings between heads of state which take place in Sweden every year on behalf of his country at Riksdagshuset (the Swedish Parliament building) during its annual session; this meeting is called Statsrådsmötet.

The current prime minister is Stefan Löfven who was appointed by parliament on 3 October 2014 after the resignation of Fredrik Reinfeldt, who led Sweden's centre-right coalition government for almost ten years until September 2014. The Social Democrats are now in opposition with their leader Jonas Sjöstedt serving as the Leader of the Opposition since April 2015.