There are many different ways that musicians make music in 2023. One way is to work with a label that will help them get their songs out there. Another way is to self-publish their own music. Some musicians also perform live shows and sell merchandise at concerts or festivals. And some use streaming services like Spotify, Apple Music, or Tidal to promote their music online.

The music industry has changed a lot over the past few decades, as technology has made it easier for artists to create and distribute their own songs without relying on labels or other middlemen. Streaming has also become increasingly popular, allowing people to listen to almost any song they want without having to buy an entire album. This has had both positive and negative effects on the industry: on one hand, more people are able to access new music than ever before; on the other hand, artists are making less money than they used to from record sales.

Royalties have been around for centuries – originally designed as a way for musicians who created hit songs but didn’t own the rights outright (such as songwriters) get paid when their work was played on radio or TV – but things have changed dramatically since then due primarily two factors: digital technology & streaming services.

Digital technology allowed anyone with access to internet connection download any song they wanted at no cost – this led many artists abandon traditional recording contracts in favor of self-publishing models where they retained full ownership over their works & received all profits directly from sales rather than splitting them amongst record labels etc., which previously took large cuts out front before ever seeing a penny back themselves! This trend was further accelerated by the rise of streaming services like Spotify & Apple Music, which made it possible (albeit at very low rates) for musicians make money even without being signed directly through these platforms; however despite its potential upside these new ways aren’t necessarily better than old ones since they still require lots time & effort before seeing any return on investment (ROI)…