Julia Fairbanks: Hello everyone. My name is Julia Fairbanks and my family owns this town's very popular department store "Fairbanks's". I know that some of you have already seen me around here, or even visited the store at least once, which is probably why some of you are smiling at me right now (though maybe some of you are just smiling because I’m rich). Anyway, my father will be teaching your school tomorrow in my place. My father is the best business teacher around here and he is very busy with work all day long so I won't have time to come back and teach you again after he leaves so this is probably going to be our final farewell to each other (at least for a while). See ya!
Jane: Uh, Julia Fairbanks…I think it’s safe to say that no one in here has ever seen you around before. Who are you and why are you at our school?
Julia Fairbanks: What do you mean by "no one"? I thought everyone knew me! Anyway, I'm new around these parts (and yes, my father is the owner of this store, so I am rich). I’m going to be teaching you in your school tomorrow. Don't worry, I know what I'm doing.
Jane: I think we should see what kind of a teacher she really is…
Julia Fairbanks: I don't care what kind of teacher I am! My father will teach you instead, and he’s the best business teacher around here! He’ll make sure that all of your future businesses will be successful (and if they’re not then it’s only because you didn’t listen to him).
Jane: And why would we listen to him? I don't have any money right now and I won't in the foreseeable future either. It takes at least 12 hours a day for 7 days a week working full time to make enough money to start your own business…and by then, my father will be too busy with work all day long again so he won’t have any more time to teach me after that!
Julia Fairbanks: Fine. You don't want my advice? Then I don't care if you fail or not! Just remember that it was your own fault when the business goes bankrupt! Now, I've got better things to do than argue with kids like you so I’m leaving now and I hope you all have a nice day!
Jane: [to Sam] Do you believe what she just said? That we should fail if we don’t listen to her father?
Sam: Yeah, that was pretty crazy. It's not like she has any good business sense at all…I mean, look at how she behaves when she's here! I hope that she doesn't get into any trouble with the school principal because of it.
Jane: Well, if anything goes wrong then you can just tell her that we told her to stop being so rude!
Sam: Oh yeah, good idea! [to Julia Fairbanks] You better watch out for what you say from now on or else our friend Jane here will have your father talking to the school principal. And we know he'll listen to him when it comes down to these things.
Jane: See ya! [walks away]