[ITN]This is what we would like to see.   We would also like a place for us to stay in the area for a few days so that we can tour around and see these sights at our own pace. We are flexible on the itinerary but need something that works with the ferry to the Skellig Islands, which only runs once per day. We plan to do an early morning kayak tour of the Skelligs islands followed by a visit to the ruins there in the afternoon.   We also have two nights in Dublin before heading back home and would like suggestions for places to eat on the way.  We can’t wait to see your beautiful country! [/ITN]

[INC]The Irish Tourist Board offers excellent resources, including a map of the Ring of Kerry that shows points of interest along the route: http://www.discoverireland.com/Visitors/Towns-and-Villages/Kerry/Ring-of-Kerry.   Another good resource is this post on Road Trips Ireland about the best places to stop along the way:  https://roadtripsireland.wordpress.com/2013/07/05/the-best-places-to-stop-on-a-ring-of-kerry-tour/.  It also includes a map and information on where to get coffee along the way!  [INC]

I have never been to Ireland so I don't know how far apart these places are but a few questions come to mind:

Is the ring of Kerry best for day trip?

Are there hotels in Torc or Ross castle where we can stay over night and then go on to other locations next day? If not, is there any hotel in Killarney or any nearby town which I could book rooms for two nights?

Besides the natural beauty and the interesting places to visit, you will be able to sample some great local dishes. Try seafood chowder, brown bread, homemade desserts like apple pie or crumble. Also, don't miss a chance to try Irish beer and whiskey. You will find plenty of bars and pubs in Kerry and the locals are always friendly and ready to share a few stories with you.

1. The Ring of Kerry is one of the most popular places for driving trips in Ireland. It covers about 180 kilometers, starting and ending at Killarney. The route takes you through lush green hills and valleys, along winding roads that offer stunning views of the Atlantic Ocean. You will see traditional Irish villages with thatched roof houses, beautiful beaches, and lots of wild flowers.

2. On your way, stop to visit some of the attractions on the Ring of Kerry: Torc waterfall, Gap dunkle kenmare Ross Castle, Sneem, Muckross House, Skellig Islands, Stone Forts at Cameronsiveen, Muckross Abbey, Taproom at Killarney Brewing.

3. Torc Waterfall is a beautiful natural waterfall located in the heart of Killarney National Park. It's an easy walk from the car park and well worth it for the views. If you are there between April and August, don't miss seeing the famous bluebells!

4. Gap dunkle kenmare is a mountain pass located on the Ring of Kerry route. The name comes from the Irish language, meaning 'black gap'. It offers stunning views of Kenmare Bay and the surrounding countryside.

5. Ross Castle is an 18th century tower house located near Killarney town centre. It's been restored to its former glory and now houses a museum with displays on local history and culture.

6. Sneem is a small village located on the Ring of Kerry route. It has a beautiful harbour area, as well as lots of shops and restaurants selling traditional Irish food and crafts.

7. Muckross House is a large country house set in the heart of Killarney National Park. It was built in the 1850s by William Henry Vanderbilt, an American millionaire who fell in love with Ireland while on holiday here! Today it's open to visitors and hosts concerts and events throughout the year.

8. Skellig Islands are two small islands located off the coast of County Kerry. They were used as a monastery in medieval times, and now they're protected wildlife sanctuaries. You can take a boat tour around them to see the birds, seals, and other animals that live there!

9. Stone Forts at Cameronsiveen are ancient ruins located near Sneem village on the Ring of Kerry route. They date back to Celtic times, when they were used as strongholds by local chieftains. You can explore them yourself or take a guided tour with an archaeologist!

10. Muckross Abbey is a beautiful 16th century monastery located near Killarney town centre on the Ring of Kerry route. It was founded by Franciscan monks in 1545, but unfortunately it was destroyed during Cromwell's time. Now it's been rebuilt and restored to its former glory - don't miss seeing inside this beautiful building!