A 35-year-old woman was referred for assessment of a left sided congenital preauricular mass, present since birth. This had recently started to bleed and she was concerned that it may be malignant. She reported no other symptoms, including no history of ear pain or discharge. She was otherwise fit and well with no medical complaints, nor any previous illness or operations. The physical examination revealed a soft, mobile, non-tender, red, slightly enlarged mass of around 5 mm in diameter at the junction of the helical root and tragus (Figure 1). There were no other lesions elsewhere on her face or body.

Question 1 What is the most likely diagnosis?
A preauricular sinus
B preauricular cyst
C haemangioma
D lymphadenopathy
E rhabdomyosarcoma

Answer: A preauricular sinus

Preauricular sinuses are a common congenital anomaly with an incidence of approximately 1/8000.^{1} They result from failed canalisation of the first branchial cleft in the second to fifth weeks of embryonic life, when the lateral sulcus (between the mandible and zygomatic arch) becomes invaginated by mesodermal tissue and forms a pouch. This subsequently connects with the external auditory meatus.^{1} There is therefore usually an associated anomaly in the external auditory meatus, with varying degrees of atresia or stenosis (Figure 2). The abnormal sinus then opens onto the surface through a small tract at the anterior end of the helix.

Preauricular sinuses are commonly found on the left side (60%) and usually become clinically apparent in childhood, although they can remain asymptomatic for many years. They may be confused with preauricular cysts which present later, often at puberty or beyond, as an increasing firm mass; cysts are usually larger than sinuses (up to 10 mm compared with 5 mm) and are not associated with meatal atresia.

The preauricular sinus may bleed if traumatised or infected. It may also present in infancy with otorrhoea, when the sinus connects with the external auditory canal, allowing pus to drain from the ear. It may also cause otalgia and a discharge which is often foul-smelling and purulent.

Preauricular sinuses should be differentiated from haemangiomas (which are more red and softer) or lymphadenopathy (which is usually tender). Rhabdomyosarcoma may present as a preauricular mass; this is more common in children under the age of 10 years. It should be considered in the differential diagnosis, although it would not have been expected at the age of 35 in this patient.

Question 2 What are the indications for surgical excision of a preauricular sinus?
A symptomatic lesion
B cosmetic reasons only
C presence of infection
D risk of malignant degeneration
E all of the above
F none of the above

Answer: D risk of malignant degeneration

Preauricular sinuses should be surgically excised if they are symptomatic, for example, infected or bleeding; however, even in asymptomatic patients, surgical removal is advised because of the risk of developing a squamous cell carcinoma. This is estimated to be between 0.4 and 2%,^{1} with a greater incidence occurring in those who have had multiple episodes of infection.

Question 3 What was the operative technique?
A local excision of the sinus, leaving the external auditory meatus open
B simple surgical curettage of the sinus tract
C incision and drainage under general anaesthesia with packing of the ear canal
D curettage of the sinus tract and closure of the ear canal
E incision of the sinus and placement of a pressure dressing
F local excision of the sinus tract with secondary healing

Answer: F local excision of the sinus tract with secondary healing

A small amount of skin over the external auditory meatus was excised with the preauricular sinus (Figure 3). The wound healed well after simple closure, without any need for packing or dressings. She has no hearing problems and is able to wear headphones if required. This technique also allows for assessment of the state of the ear canal as part of a wider investigation of the lesion.

Question 4 What are the other congenital anomalies which may be associated with preauricular sinuses?
A atresia of external auditory meatus
B external auditory meatal stenosis
C branchial cleft cyst
D abnormal preauricular cartilage
E all of the above
F none of the above

Answer: E all of the above

Preauricular sinuses may be associated with other anomalies, such as an atretic or stenotic external auditory canal. They may also be associated with abnormal preauricular cartilage, which can affect the helix of the ear (Figure 4).

Branchial cleft cysts are a congenital anomaly arising from the second branchial arch and are different to preauricular sinuses. The latter arise from the first branchial cleft and may be associated with other anomalies of the first branchial arch, such as an abnormal tragus or auricle.

- © British Journal of General Practice 2016

1. Get a copy of the "Tuning" page from your wiki site.
2. Copy/paste this into a new blank wiki page, and edit it so that all references to 'tuning' are changed to 'configuration'.
3. Add a section at the top of the page explaining what this is for.

I have already read this guide:

And I got stuck on the following part:

Quote:
3) Make sure to create a user account with the following rights for your new service. These are only needed once for each new service you create, so if you've already done it before just ignore this step:
- User should not be able to edit or delete any existing services and service instances.
- User should have "Service Admin" rights for all services created in the future.
- Create user account with full rights and no expiration date (this is important)

I don't understand how it is supposed to work. What do I enter into the text field of the user group? Is this a name or an ID? And if the user should have Service Admin rights, then what about the rights of the owner? I want that he can manage everything except the system.