1) Where does your name come from?
My mother’s maiden name was Lita. And when I started painting, I felt that my original name was too common; so I added the last name of Cabellut after my mother’s name. It is a Catalan word meaning “crown”. I am very happy to have it as my last name because I am like a crown for all the people who love me and believe in me.
2) How did you become a painter? What made you decide to paint?
I was born in Spain, but when I was a little girl my family moved to Morocco; it is a beautiful place where colors are very strong. I am sure that this experience gave me the passion for color.
The first thing I learned to do when I was six years old was to draw and paint with charcoal on walls, rocks, and wood. One day my father found me painting on an old door of our house in Tangier; he asked me who painted that “masterpiece” and I answered that I had done it myself. He took the door away from me and told me to stop playing like an artist, because a child cannot be an artist. When I was nine years old we moved back to Spain. When I returned to school after summer vacation, the teachers found me drawing on my notebooks. I got into trouble again!
I always loved art; it is my passion. But at first it was very difficult for me to become a professional artist because everyone told me I could not do it. It was such a hard thing for me, but I continued until I reached my dream: I became an artist.
3) What is your work about? How did you choose this particular topic to paint?
My art is about people; I want them to see the faces of people through my paintings and recognize their own feelings in those faces. They should feel like they are looking into a mirror, where they can see themselves as well.
When I was very young I had an accident and lost part of my memory for several years. It was very difficult because I didn’t remember things that happened to me. Sometimes people said something to me and I would forget what it was right away; sometimes I forgot what someone told me five minutes ago or even ten seconds before.
The only thing that I could remember for a long time were the faces of people: I could remember exactly how they looked, but nothing else. That made me think a lot about memory and faces, and then I started painting faces in different ways. Now when I paint, I want people to feel like they can enter into the world of my paintings, where they can see their own feelings.
4) What inspires you? Where do your ideas come from?
I am inspired by everything; I always have my sketchbook and a pencil with me in case something or someone catches my attention. I get ideas from people’s faces, but also from other things like colors, shapes, stories…anything that comes into my mind can be inspiration for me.
5) What is the hardest part about being an artist?
For me the hardest thing was when I started: it took a lot of work and sacrifice to become successful as an artist. But after many years I finally reached my dream: now I am happy with what I do because I love it!
6) Do you think it is important for artists to be famous?
Not really; I don’t think that being famous makes you a better artist or gives more value to your art. Art should speak by itself without any other help; if people like an artwork then they will buy it regardless of who painted it. If there are many people who love my paintings, then I am happy!
7) Do you have any advice for young artists?
Yes: Never give up because every person has his own talent and should try to develop it as much as possible; everybody deserves a chance in this world so if something is hard to do don’t be afraid of trying again until success comes along!