Smoke bombs can be a very useful item in your arsenal. They are also pretty cheap and easy to make. They can be used for many different things, including making smoke signals or creating an atmosphere for your next car show. The following instructions will give you everything you need to know about making this type of device!

To make a smoke bomb, you’ll need the following materials:

– A large jar (like a mason jar) with a wide mouth
– Cardboard or paper towel rolls cut into 6″ pieces
– Flour or cornstarch (or anything else that will burn well and create lots of smoke)
– Oil (I used vegetable oil)
– Cotton balls, cotton swabs, or cotton balls dipped in oil (optional)

STEP ONE: Fill your jar halfway full with flour or cornstarch. Put on a pair of safety goggles and gloves. You’ll want to be careful because you don’t want the powder getting into your eyes!

STEP TWO: Add enough vegetable oil so that the mixture has reached its maximum volume capacity. Once again, be very careful with this step because vegetable oil can be very hot when it first comes out of the bottle and it can also stain clothes and skin if you get any on yourself (trust me from experience).

STEP THREE: Put a cardboard roll or paper towel roll into your jar. You’ll want to make sure that there is enough room for the wick (the cotton ball/swab) to fit in the bottom of the jar and still have plenty of space above it when you fill up your jar with flour/cornstarch/oil mixture.

STEP FOUR: Place your cardboard roll or paper towel roll onto a surface that can be easily cleaned, such as a cutting board or sheet of foil on top of a cookie sheet.

STEP FIVE: Put the lid back on and shake it until everything is thoroughly mixed together! You’ll notice that there will probably still be some flour left at the bottom which won’t come out when you shake it because it has been pressed down by all of the other ingredients, but don’t worry about this.

STEP SIX: Once your mixture is completely combined, put it into a storage container and let it sit for at least 24 hours to allow all of the moisture in the flour or cornstarch to evaporate before using!

STEP SEVEN: Remove the cardboard roll or paper towel roll from inside your jar. You’ll notice that there should now be a hole in the bottom of your jar where the wick used to be (and probably some pieces of cotton stuck in it). If you don’t have enough room for a cotton ball/swab, use something else like a toothpick or wooden stick instead!

STEP EIGHT: Add more flour or cornstarch and vegetable oil until your mixture reaches its maximum volume capacity again.

STEP NINE: Put the lid on and shake it until everything is thoroughly combined once more. This time you’ll have to make sure that there isn’t any loose flour at the bottom because it will burn up quickly when ignited! If there is any left over, scoop it out with a spoon or spatula before putting your mixture back into storage for another 24 hours.

STEP TEN: Remove the cardboard roll or paper towel roll from inside your jar again and repeat step eight until you have used up all of your flour/cornstarch/oil mixture. Once it has been thoroughly combined, put it into a storage container once more for another 24 hours to allow all of the moisture in your ingredients to evaporate before using!

STEP ELEVEN: Place your jar on top of a large piece of paper towel or foil that has been crumpled up to catch any falling ash. Once again, make sure you’re wearing gloves and safety goggles while doing this step because you don’t want anything getting into your eyes!

STEP TWELVE: Light the end of one of your cotton balls/swabs with a lighter or match, then drop it inside your jar. You’ll notice that the mixture will immediately start to smoke because it’s been heated up by the flame from your cotton ball/swab, so don’t panic! Just keep adding more and more until you’ve used all of them (and if there are any left over just throw them out).

STEP THIRTEEN: Once everything has burned off (which should only take about 10 seconds), put your lid back on and shake it up for at least 30 seconds to make sure that all of the ash inside the jar is evenly distributed.

STEP FOURTEEN: Remove the cardboard roll or paper towel roll from inside your jar once again, then place it over a piece of newspaper so you can easily clean everything off after using it! You’ll notice that there should now be an opening in the bottom where your wick used to be (and probably some pieces of cotton stuck in it). If you don’t have enough room for a cotton ball/swab, use something else like a toothpick or wooden stick instead!

STEP FIFTEEN: Fill up your jar with flour or cornstarch and vegetable oil until its maximum volume capacity again.

STEP SIXTEEN: Put the lid back on and shake it until everything is thoroughly combined once more. This time you’ll have to make sure that there isn’t any loose flour at the bottom because it will burn up quickly when ignited! If there is any left over, scoop it out with a spoon or spatula before putting your mixture back into storage for another 24 hours to allow all of the moisture in your ingredients to evaporate before using again.

STEP SEVENTEEN: Place your jar on top of a large piece of paper towel or foil that has been crumpled up to catch any falling ash. Once again, make sure you’re wearing gloves and safety goggles while doing this step because you don’t want anything getting into your eyes!

STEP EIGHTEEN: Light the end of one of your cotton balls/swabs with a lighter or match, then drop it inside your jar. You’ll notice that the mixture will immediately start to smoke because it’s been heated up by the flame from your cotton ball/swab, so don’t panic! Just keep adding more and more until you’ve used all of them (and if there are any left over just throw them out).

STEP NINETEEN: Once everything has burned off (which should only take about 10 seconds), put your lid back on and shake it up for at least 30 seconds to make sure that all of the ash inside the jar is evenly distributed.

STEP TWENTY: Remove the cardboard roll or paper towel roll from inside your jar once again, then place it over a piece of newspaper so you can easily clean everything off after using it! You’ll notice that there should now be an opening in the bottom where your wick used to be (and probably some pieces of cotton stuck in it). If you don’t have enough room for a cotton ball/swab, use something else like a toothpick or wooden stick instead!

STEP TWENTY ONE: Fill up your jar with flour or cornstarch and vegetable oil until its maximum volume capacity again.