Hello, this is how to be like SpongeBob. First of all you need a green shirt that has yellow polka-dots. Next you need a brown hat with two holes in it for ears. Also a red bow tie. Last you need blue shorts and a white belt. This is the end.

To do this you need to have a yellow body, black hair with white streaks through it, a shirt that's the same color as your body with 4 spikes on it, red eyes, yellow gloves and boots, red shoes with black tips and orange lips. You can add anything else if you want too.

This is how to do Tom Cat. First you need to have an orange body with a black stripe down the middle. Next you need black hair, a white shirt, a green collar and red eyes. This is the end.

To be Axel Stone, you need to have a blue body with a yellow waist line and hands. Next you need brown hair with spikes and dark brown eyes. Now you need a dark brown shirt with a black and white symbol on it. Lastly you need white gloves and shoes. This is the end.

This is how to do Bugs Bunny. First of all you need a blue body, gray furry ears and feet, orange fur around your mouth and hands, brown eyes with a white spot in them,  and last but not least yellow teeth. This is the end.

To be Jason Lee Scott you need to have a red head, green eyes, blue arms, legs, and feet,  black gloves and shoes, a blue belt and a white chest. That's it!

This is how to do Gordon Freeman. To start off you need a gray suit with no pants, then you need a black briefcase, a black mask, a green jacket and lastly a pair of brown shoes. This is the end.

To be Caillou you need to have red eyes, dark pink hair, a white shirt with a blue collar and belt, black shoes and light blue arms and legs. That's all!

This is how to do Ellis (Left 4 Dead 2). First you need to have brown hair, yellow eyes, a purple vest and a gray jacket. Lastly you need black pants and gray shoes with pink laces. This is the end.

Last but not least this is how to be Buster Bunny. First of all you need orange furry ears and feet. Next you need blue arms, legs, and body. You also need white gloves and a white chest. Lastly you need a yellow shirt with a red stripe down the middle. This is the end!

1) First off, if you're a 10-year old boy who attends elementary school and wears glasses, you'll automatically be SpongeBob.
2) If you wear black jeans and white shirt and attend middle school, you'll automatically be Baldi.
3) If you have black hair like Tom Cat in the early '90s and attend high school, you'll automatically be him.
4) If you're a teenage boy with blonde hair attending middle school, you'll automatically be Axel Stone.
5) If you have brown hair, wear a baseball cap backwards, and are in elementary school, you'll automatically be Bugs Bunny.
6) If you attend middle school, have black hair, and are in middle school, you'll automatically be Jason Lee Scott.
7) If you go to college, have brown hair like Gordon Freeman (in the early '90s), and are in high school, you'll automatically be him.
8) If you're a baby boy who attends nursery school, wear glasses, and has brown hair, you'll automatically be Caillou.
9) If you go to middle school and have black hair like Gordon Freeman, you'll automatically be Ellis (Left 4 Dead 2).
10) If you go to elementary school, have a white shirt, and have orange hair, you'll automatically be Buster Bunny.

1. Take off your clothes and put on a yellow shirt with red shorts, A hat like SpongeBob’s, a pair of white sneakers, and a pink nose.

2. You might want to take the hat off but keep it nearby because you may need it later.

3. Now put on black shoes and a black coat over your yellow shirt with red shorts and a hat like SpongeBob’s (The hat is optional).

4. Put on a blue jacket, A yellow tie that goes to the ground, and Black pants with white stripes on the legs and White shoes with black soles (The Shoes are optional).

5. Now take off your black coat, Put on an orange vest, and put your black hat on again because you may need it later.

6. Take off your orange vest, Put on a green shirt with blue pants, A white tie that goes to the ground, and White shoes (The Shoes are optional).

7. Now take off your black hat, Put on a yellow cap, And put on black shorts (the Shorts are optional).

8. Now take off your orange vest, Put on an orange shirt with blue pants (optional), And white sneakers (optional).

9. Put on a green jacket, A red tie that goes to the ground, Black pants and White shoes with Black soles.

10. Take off your orange shirt with blue pants (optional), Put on a black hat, A red vest over your yellow shirt with red shorts and black hat (The Hat is optional) and white sneakers (optional).

11. Now put on an orange jacket, A red tie that goes to the ground, Black pants and White shoes with Black soles.

12. Take off your black hat, Put on a blue jacket, A yellow vest over your yellow shirt with red shorts (The Vest is optional) And white sneakers (optional).

13. Now put on an orange shirt with blue pants (optional), A green jacket, A red tie that goes to the ground and Black pants and White shoes with black soles.

14. Take off your yellow vest and put it in a place where you can find it later or get rid of it forever! (The Vest is optional). Put on an orange jacket, A green tie that goes to the ground, Black pants, and white sneakers (optional)! Now take off everything but your shirt with red shorts and black hat (the Hat is optional).

15. Take off everything except for your yellow shirt with red shorts (The Shirt is optional), Put on an orange jacket, A green tie that goes to the ground, Black pants and white sneakers (optional). Now put on an orange vest over your yellow shirt with red shorts (The Vest is optional) and take off everything else!

16. Put on a blue jacket, A red vest over your yellow shirt with red shorts (The Vest is optional), And put on a green tie that goes to the ground, Black pants and white sneakers (optional). Now take off everything but your hat!

17. Now you need to go home and change into something else because this will be embarrassing if anyone sees you wearing these clothes outside of school! You can now wear whatever clothes you want as long as they don’t have a shirt with red shorts or black pants or white sneakers (optional).

18. You should now go back to school and wait for the bell ringing. If it doesn’t ring, then there might be a problem in your school so make sure that everything is working properly before you leave again!