[NEXT]William opened the door and invited Rose in. She seemed agitated and kept glancing behind her, as if someone were following her. 
"Don't worry, I have no intention of hurting you," he said reassuringly. He showed Rose to a bedroom with a futon, instructing her to sleep on it while he cooked dinner for them. Rose was startled by the futon, not knowing where she would find an opportunity like this again. 

She eagerly accepted William's offer and even joined him in the kitchen to help make a simple meal. It was their first time cooking together. The two worked well together, each taking care of different tasks without interfering with the other. Rose noticed how gentle William was, despite his rough appearance. She admired him for being able to do so much at home, and even asked him to teach her how to cook a simple meal. 

While cooking, William said that he wanted to adopt a dog, but Karen had opposed the idea. "She's like an aunt to you," Rose thought as she looked around the kitchen. The atmosphere in his house felt completely different from when Karen was there. It seemed that everything in his life revolved around her. 

When they sat down for dinner, William began asking questions about what Rose had been doing recently. He even asked her about James, and whether he was still single or not. Rose wasn't sure if she should answer the question, but she decided to be honest with him, saying that it would depend on James' personal preferences. 

After dinner, William walked Rose to her room and left, telling her that he had to get some work done. When Rose returned home, Karen was waiting for her in the living room. "I couldn't wait," she said apologetically, adding that they could go out to eat if she wanted to. 

Rose didn't want to return home yet and was afraid of running into Mason. She asked Karen if she had been at Xu Mama's place and tried to tell her everything that happened there, but Karen cut her off before she even got started. "I think it's better not to bring that up." 

Rose agreed with Karen's assessment. She didn't want to hurt Xu Mama's feelings anymore, so she decided not to mention what had happened that day. As they ate in a restaurant, Rose tried her best to avoid the topic and distract herself by talking about anything else. 
[/NEXT]
User comments 0