[STICKY]In 1983, I was born in New York. As a kid, I lived with my mom and my sister, who is 2 years older than me. We both studied at the same school, which had excellent sports facilities. Our father was absent for most of our childhood. He worked in construction and often traveled to different states or countries. In the 1990s, my mother started a small business selling handcrafted products online, and we were able to move into a larger house with more space and comfort. Our relationship as siblings was always good, although there were some fights and disagreements from time to time. We got along well and shared many interests, such as music and movies. As teenagers, we started going out to parties and concerts together, and had a lot of fun. My mother often gave us advice on relationships, but she never interfered with our personal lives. In my early twenties, I went to college in New York, where I studied journalism. During that time, my sister also lived in the city, working as an architect. We were both busy and didn't have much time for each other, so we usually talked on the phone or sent each other messages. After graduating from college, I got a job in a newspaper, while my sister went back to her studies and later opened her own architecture firm. We continued to support each other from afar, giving advice and encouragement when needed. My mother also retired and moved to Florida with her partner. In the 2010s, I met my current husband, and we got married in a small ceremony with our closest friends and family. My sister was my maid of honor, and she made an excellent speech during the reception. We all had a great time celebrating together. In recent years, my sister has become more involved in politics, supporting progressive candidates and causes. She often goes to rallies or protests, while I prefer to stay out of these issues and focus on my work. Overall, our relationship has been strong and supportive throughout the years, and we have always been there for each other through good times and bad. We continue to stay in touch and support each other from a distance, despite living in different parts of the country. [/STICKY]
[REPL]I love my sister. She's so kind and supportive. I don't know what I would do without her. I think she feels the same way about me too. We have been through a lot together, and we have always been there for each other when it mattered most. Even though we live in different parts of the country now, we still keep in touch and try to see each other as often as possible. [REPL]
[REPL]I think my sister is one of the best people I know. She's always been there for me, no matter what, and I know that I can count on her when I need someone to talk to or just be there for me. We have a really close relationship, and we understand each other better than anyone else in our lives. It's nice to have someone like that in your life, especially when you live in different parts of the country like we do. [REPL]
[REPL]My sister is my best friend. I know that no matter what happens, she will always be there for me, and I can count on her to help me through anything. We have a lot of fun together, too, and we always seem to be laughing about something or other. I'm really glad that we live in different parts of the country now, because it gives us an excuse to see each other more often! [REPL]
[REPL]I love my sister so much. She is my best friend and she has been there for me through everything. We have a very close relationship, and I couldn't imagine life without her. Even though we live in different parts of the country now, I know that if I ever need anything, she will be there for me. [REPL]
[REPL]I think my sister is amazing. She is so supportive and always has my back. We have a really close bond, and we can talk about anything. It's great to have someone like her in my life. [REPL]