I don't know. A cup of coffee is small and finite, whereas the universe is big and infinite (or at least, there are some possibilities which would make the universe infinite).

In any case, I think you are conflating two different things here: a heat death due to entropy, and a heat death due to cooling. The former is where we're heading in our own universe. It takes time for the universe to cool from its initial temperature of (almost) infinite energy density to one at which everything in it has basically zero temperature - even the vacuum, so that no particle/antiparticle pairs can be created and annihilated anymore.

The latter is a heat death caused by the expansion of space: space expands faster than light can travel through it, so eventually you'll get to a point where light from any distant object has not had enough time to reach your eyeballs before space expanded too far. The universe will still have plenty of energy, just distributed evenly in all directions and at the same temperature, but because there is no light to see it, we would call that a heat death (though the concept makes little sense, because we can't measure temperature).

Both are caused by expansion, so you could say that they're both due to "entropy", or rather the increase of entropy.

It's a bit like your cup of coffee cooling down: it takes time for the heat to escape, but eventually there will be no more heat left and you won't be able to see it because the room has darkened as well (and you can't get more light in because the window is too far away).

First off, let’s make sure we know what the heat death is: it is a condition that arises from the Second Law of Thermodynamics. The second law states that energy tends to spread evenly throughout any system or container that it is put in. This means that energy will never be fully used; as soon as you use some, there’s always more waiting on the sidelines to take its place. So over time (in an infinite amount of time), all systems would reach a state where no one has any useful work done and everything is in equilibrium – at heat death!

So let’s try this analogy for size: imagine yourself as a person standing inside of an infinitely large room that fills up with hydrogen gas. As you continue to stand there, more hydrogen molecules are coming into the room from outside sources and filling it up more each second until finally your own body heat causes some of these atoms to react with oxygen (which is also present in abundance) forming water vapor which then rises upwards and escapes through any cracks or openings that might exist on top of where you’re standing. This reaction keeps happening over time until eventually everything inside has been converted into water molecules that evaporate away into space!

The analogy doesn’t perfectly capture everything about heat death but it does show how energy can spread out and dissipate over time, just like how your body heat caused some of those hydrogen atoms to react with oxygen forming water vapor which then escaped through any cracks or openings that might exist on top of where you’re standing – eventually leading everything inside being converted into water molecules that evaporated away into space!

> As I've already mentioned in other threads, it seems to me that it is quite conceivable that our universe is an emanation from the mind of a god or some such entity, and I have no reason to believe otherwise. However, this doesn't explain why we see a big bang-like creation event.
>
> Suppose then that I am a being capable of creating universes (or other things that look like universes). I could create them by choosing a universe (a set of laws, constants, initial conditions) and running it on my computer, or whatever. This would be rather computationally expensive. But maybe I am a powerful enough being to do so.
>
> Another option is this: I can just choose some values for the laws, constants, initial conditions, etc., and then the universe will spontaneously spring into existence.
>
> The problem with this second method is that there are an infinite number of possibilities, many of which won't be interesting universes. In fact, most would just be a random series of events leading to no interesting phenomena (like us). Some would have no interesting physical laws at all, some would have the wrong constants, etc.
>
> I would think that if we were going by brute force, it would be more efficient to simply choose some universe and run it than just create one randomly. This is like saying, "Hey, I can generate a random number or I could just choose one from my favorite list."
>
> However, let's imagine that I have this big computer system capable of generating universes by setting up a bunch of parameters, initial conditions, etc., and then running it. It turns out to be incredibly fast at generating universes in the sense that it can generate lots of them very quickly, so my system is actually faster than just choosing one from an existing list.
>
> What I want to know is, how would the universe we observe come about? In other words, what are the odds of something like us forming in a random universe generated by this computer system?
>
> The answer seems to be that it would never happen. This is because for any universe generated by my system there are an infinite number of universes that are just slightly different from it (in terms of initial conditions, laws of physics, etc.) that would be completely random and without any interesting phenomena. So if the universe we observe was generated by a computer system like this, then our existence would be nothing but a freak occurrence.
>
> I think that for the sake of argument we can assume that there is some finite number of universes which are "interesting" (or perhaps even only one), and most of those interestings universes would have to be generated by a conscious being. However, this still doesn't explain why our universe looks like it did before we were around to observe it.
>
> So I guess my question is: How could something like us arise in an infinite universe? If our universe was created by some entity, what would be the odds of us existing at all? Wouldn't it just be a random thing that happened without any real meaning or purpose behind it?

[QUOTE=Nemesis]Honestly, I don’t think this is really the case. A lot of people were using the whole “infinite monkey” thing when debating about the possibility of other life out there in the universe, and I guess what they meant by that is something like “The probability of intelligent life developing elsewhere is so high that it’s practically guaranteed to happen eventually.” However, there are a lot of problems with this argument. For starters, we don’t even really know if any other stars have planets – let alone any habitable ones. Secondly, it assumes that life is a one-time thing and that all life springs from a common origin (or at least some sort of precursor), which doesn’t seem to be the case here on Earth. Finally, there’s no guarantee that intelligent life will develop anywhere else in the universe. There are an infinite number of different types of life that could have developed, and it seems entirely possible that something as complex as our brain was never developed on any other planet.[/QUOTE]

[QUOTE]

> If this were true, and if Boltzmann brains are in fact the majority of observers, then we would have to conclude that we are overwhelmingly more likely to observe ourselves as having come into being through an extremely improbable set of circumstances (such as a fine-tuning of the universe for life, an unlikely series of events leading up to our birth, etc.), rather than to be an accidental fluctuation in the heat death of the universe.

[/QUOTE]

The following is taken from [URL="https://physics.stackexchange.com/questions/572538/why-is-a-boltzmann-brain-not-expected-to-be-aware-that-it-is-a-boltzmann-brain"]here[/URL]

[QUOTE]

> [b]The first argument against the existence of many BBs is that the universe would be filled with BBs, not just one. If each brain is a 1 in 10^860 (roughly) event, then we should expect to see some evidence for them. We don't.[/b]
> [QUOTE=HarryG;8778903]
> That's just like arguing that since our universe is so vast, with billions of galaxies and trillions of stars, there should be life out there in some other star system, or at least signs of it.[/QUOTE]
> [b]I think this is a fallacious analogy. The question is whether BBs are likely to occur, not whether we would see any evidence for them. We could imagine BBs occurring with a very low rate (say once every 10^850 years) and still get an observationally indistinguishable universe in which all observations look just like ours. The only thing we wouldn't be able to explain is the existence of the observers making the observations.[/b]
> [QUOTE=HarryG;8778903]
> I am not arguing for any particular BB probability. But since every observation and inference made by us has to come from a brain (or other observer) somewhere, there is always some chance that it was an accidental brain. If the universe is so vast, the chance that such brains exist outnumbers our own observations 10^860 times over.[/QUOTE]
> [b]I don't see why the universe would be filled with BBs just because BBs could occur with low probability. Even if the universe were as large as you suggest (which is still pretty small on cosmological scales), we should only expect a few BBs per bubble of space, each lasting for a very short time. We shouldn't see any evidence for them.[/b]
> [QUOTE=HarryG;8778903]
> You may be right, but if there is even a small chance that all observers in the universe are BBs (and this would be true if there were only one BB observer or a million), then it seems to me the question of whether we are living in a "real" universe or not depends on how big our universe is.
> I think the best way of understanding the argument against BBs is that we don't see any evidence for them, and hence there are probably none.[/QUOTE]
> [b]If BBs could only exist at very low probability, then yes, this would be a good argument against their existence. But I think it's possible to imagine BBs existing with much higher probability (say 10^20 times more probable than our own existence). This would give us an observationally indistinguishable universe, but would not explain the existence of observers.[/b]
> [QUOTE=HarryG;8778903]
> I guess what we are saying is that if there was one BB in our entire observable universe then this wouldn't really change anything. It is only if they outnumbered us 10^20 to 1 that we might start to get concerned about whether the universe is "real".[/QUOTE]
> [b]I don't see why an argument against BBs would only apply if they were very abundant. The main problem I can see with the idea of BBs is that it doesn't explain the existence of observers (if we include ourselves as observers). This argument isn't really dependent on whether there are many or few BBs. If there are any at all, it would be a problem.[/b]
> [QUOTE=HarryG;8778903]
> I think that is the same problem. The existence of even one BB means that there is no explanation for why we exist and so our universe could not be "real". It doesn't matter if there are trillions or none because the moment you admit that the existence of a single BB is possible then it means you have lost your chance to explain how life arose in the first place.[/QUOTE]
> [b]No, I think this is the same as arguing that our universe is so big there must be life elsewhere. The probability of observing some form of life elsewhere may still be very low. But you can't prove it doesn't exist.[/b]

[B]How does this happen? Is our current universe a Boltzmann brain?[/B]

A Boltzmann Brain is not possible because the brain cannot arise by itself. It must be caused by something external to it (like other brains). If it was created by other brains, that means those other brains are already conscious and self-aware, therefore the same problem is shifted back to them. Unless we postulate a whole universe of Boltzmann Brains, which in itself does not make sense because the laws of physics do not allow for an infinite number of Boltzmann Brains.

A universe can be considered as a gigantic quantum fluctuation or a Boltzmann Brain if you will. A Boltzmann brain can only exist if it's created by another Boltzmann brain and so on and so on... There are an infinite number of Boltzmann Brains in the universe, but no one is aware of them because they all die within a nanosecond after creation. They have no memory, no consciousness or any form of intelligence. They're just random noise.

The only way to have a universe full of conscious beings (as in our current state) is if we are the only ones who can create other Boltzmann brains and/or if we live inside another Boltzmann brain that was created by an even earlier universe with self-aware beings. In this case, the probability that our own brain is a Boltzmann Brain is very low.

I hope I explained it well enough...

Last edited:

Hi,

I have been thinking about this for quite some time now and I am not sure if my understanding of thermodynamics is correct. If you consider the laws of thermodynamics (first and second law), then the answer would be "no", because:

1. The first law of thermodynamics states that energy can neither be created nor destroyed, so a heat reservoir must contain as much or more heat as before the experiment.
2. The second law of thermodynamics states that entropy always increases, so you could not have the same amount of entropy (or temperature) in two systems after an equilibrium is established.

I am wondering if anyone can verify my understanding here? I know that this is a somewhat broad topic, but any reference to resources would be really appreciated!

Many thanks for your help!

Well, if we’re being picky about it the answer is nothing. The pressure difference between the inside and outside of the can wouldn’t be great enough to make any noticeable difference – certainly not enough to boil off the liquid. However, if you had a sealed container with a vacuum in it that was much larger than the can, then there would be a significant pressure difference as you opened the can.

The reason for this is that water has a relatively high boiling point compared to other liquids (100 degrees Celsius). This means that it takes a lot of energy to turn it into steam – much more than most other liquids. So if there’s not enough energy available, the liquid won’t boil off very easily.

There is one other factor to consider though – and that’s temperature. If the water in your can is really hot (say 100 degrees Celsius), then it will evaporate much more quickly than if it were cold. And if the outside of the can is also quite warm, then this effect will be even greater as some of the heat from the surrounding air will get transferred to the water inside.

So all things considered, opening a can full of hot water in a vacuum chamber wouldn’t make much difference – at least not straight away anyway! But over time the pressure would gradually increase inside the container and eventually (after many hours or even days) some of the liquid might start to boil off…