The letter "N" is at the bottom of the period table. If it is rotated by 180 degrees, it gives "V", which can also be found on the periodic table (as an example: Vanadium).

If you want to know why this question was asked and what is its origin then read below.

It's a very famous riddle from the year 1925. It was featured in "The American Chemist" magazine in December 1925 by Mr. W. M. A. Green, of the Department of Education at Tulane University New Orleans. The question was also later mentioned in the book "Eleven Hundred Riddles".

This riddle is very much related to chemistry and physics. If you have a better answer than this or if you found this explanation not satisfactory then comment down below.

I have an old Sears-branded 3 speed bike with a coaster brake and a kickstand, in decent shape, that I'm trying to convert into a fixie. I don't know what model it is. I could use some help figuring out which parts I need to get rid of and what I should get instead. Here are the details:
- 15mm square dropouts (not horizontal)
- Hubs have flanged rims (?) and quick release axles for each wheel. The QRs have nuts at their ends, so they can't be removed.
- One of the wheels has a coaster brake that's activated by the pedals.
- Kickstand
- U-shaped handlebar with one gear shifter (the bike has 3 speeds). The other shifter is broken.
I don't have any pictures, so here are some questions:
- What type of hub do I need for a fixie?
- Can the coaster brake be removed and replaced with a freewheel or flip flop hub? If so, what tools would that require? I can't get my hands on it right now.
- Are there any other parts I should consider replacing (such as the handlebars)?

Hello, I have a few new ideas for the game. If you would like to comment on these and give your opinions on them that would be great. You can also make any other suggestions in the comments below if you wish.

Firstly, I was wondering about having more than one server for each region. For example, there could be a North American server and a West European server or something like this. The problem with this though is the time difference which would result from it. Also, there are more people in Europe than America.

Secondly, I would really like to see more maps added, perhaps one every two weeks? This would give people more time to get used to a map and be able to play it properly. Another problem with this however is that the old maps will become less popular as they are no longer played in competitive games.

Thirdly, I am not sure if this would work out, but I was thinking of having another 16 teams in the league. This means there would be a total of 32 teams in the league. There could be an extra two groups with four teams each which would then mean there would be eight play offs to get into the final group and then the top eight from the finals group would go to the World Cup. The problem is that if there were three more groups, there would have to be three more weeks of games during the first part of the league, which some people might not like as it will take longer for a season to finish.

Fourthly, I have been wondering how about having more than one game every week? For example there could be two games on Tuesday and Thursday and then on Saturday, or perhaps three games a week on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays. This would mean that there would be more variety in the league for players who don’t like playing one map for the whole season as well as making sure they can play on more days during the week if they wanted to. The problem with this is that it will take longer to finish a season, but it could also make the game more fun and entertaining.

Fifthly, I would really like to see more of the gameplay shown on TV or online. It would be great for players who are not able to watch all of their favourite matches live as well as people who don’t have a good connection on their computer or laptop at home so they can’t stream it from there either. This is because some games might end up being boring and slow if they weren’t shown on TV or online which would mean that people wouldn’t want to watch them anymore and therefore the game will lose popularity.

Sixthly, I was wondering about having more than one map per week? For example there could be two different maps played in every week for three weeks. Then the next week it would change again with a new set of four maps being played during that time frame before changing back to the other group after another three weeks. The problem is that some people might not like this as they only play certain types of map (like capture or domination). They would have to choose between their favourite type and playing on different maps or sticking with their favourites but missing out on some good games because there aren’t as many available for them at the time.

Seventhly, I have been wondering how about having more than one league in the game? For example there could be a competitive league where players can play against each other and get promoted or demoted based on their performance over an entire season. Then there would also be a casual league where people don’t need to worry about losing because they will just have fun playing with friends without having to worry about whether they are going up or down in rankings. The problem is that it might be difficult for the game developers to create two different leagues, but if they can make it happen then this would help give people more options on how they want to play the game.

Eighthly, I was wondering how about having more than one mode of gameplay? For example there could be a normal match where players fight against each other until one person wins and then another one is played where teams have to capture flags and hold them for as long as possible before losing all their lives or running out of time. The problem with this idea would be that it might cause confusion amongst people because they will have no idea what they’re supposed to do if there are two modes available at the same time.

Ninthly, I was thinking about having more than one game type per week? For example there could be a capture mode where teams have to capture flags and hold them for as long as possible before losing all their lives or running out of time. Then the next week it would change again with another different map being played during that time frame before changing back to the other group after another three weeks. The problem is that some people might not like this as they only play certain types of game (like capture). They will have to choose between their favourite type and playing on different maps or sticking with their favourites but missing out on some good games because there aren’t as many available at the time.

Tenthly, I was wondering how about having more than one team in a match? For example there could be two teams of four players who fight against each other until one person wins and then another one is played where three teams of six people have to capture flags and hold them for as long as possible before losing all their lives or running out of time. The problem with this idea would be that it might cause confusion amongst people because they will have no idea what they’re supposed to do if there are two games available at the same time.

Lastly, I was thinking about having more than one league in the game? For example there could be a competitive league where players can play against each other and get promoted or demoted based on their performance over an entire season. Then there would also be a casual league where people don’t need to worry about losing because they will just have fun playing with friends without having to worry about whether they are going up or down in rankings. The problem is that it might be difficult for the game developers to create two different leagues, but if they can make it happen then this would help give people more options on how they want to play the game.

Well, the problem here is that I've been using the default DFU script with the custom one as a second choice. The custom script works great on my Panda board.

However, when using it for the NUC, the EFI file would fail to load in DOSBox due to an unknown error. This happened consistently with both 64-bit and 32-bit versions of DOSBox (v0.74).

If I changed to the default DFU script, it works fine with both versions of DOSBox. The problem is that on the Pandaboard, I'm not able to boot Windows XP when using the default script. This happens every time. But if I use the custom script (and EFI file), XP boots up without issue.

So I guess it just depends on which OS you are trying to load.