He was going about his daily training routine, as he usually did every morning. He had to get into the habit of doing it; if he didn’t train now then how was he supposed to beat Pain and Sasuke? There was no way that he could lose them; he was the only one who had ever defeated Orochimaru, but it seemed like he couldn’t defeat anyone else.

Naruto sat on the ground, thinking about what he was going to do next. He had to train harder than before if he wanted to beat Pain and Sasuke. That is why he decided that today would be a good day for him to go on a run. He stood up and started running across the forest.

As he was running through the forest, he noticed that there were some trees blocking his way. He ran around them and then saw another tree in front of him. “Great! Another one!” thought Naruto as he jumped over it. As soon as Naruto landed on the other side of the tree, something suddenly came out from behind it and hit him on the head with its tail.

Naruto fell to his knees in pain while rubbing his forehead where he had just been hit by whatever creature it was. “What was that?” He muttered while trying not to cry because of all this pain. Then Naruto saw another creature coming towards him from behind some more trees and he quickly tried to run away from it but failed miserably as both creatures caught up with him and started fighting each other over who got to eat first!

Naruto was scared out of his mind at what was happening around him so he just sat there watching them fight while trying not think about how much pain he was in. After a few minutes of watching the two monsters battle it out, Naruto noticed that they had stopped moving and looked around for their bodies but couldn’t see any anywhere. “Well… I guess this means they won’t be eating me after all!”

Naruto thought as he stood up and continued running through the forest until he came across another tree blocking his path once again. This time however, it seemed like there were more trees than usual so Naruto decided that maybe he should climb one instead of trying to jump over them like before since he didn’t want anything else hitting him on the head today…

As soon as Naruto reached the top of the tree he looked down at all the other trees surrounding him and noticed how tall they were compared to where he was currently standing which made him feel very small in comparison. “Oh great! Now what?” he muttered while looking around for any possible way out except climbing back down again because if he did that then it would probably hurt just as much if not worse than before since his feet had already been beaten up pretty badly by now…

“I guess I’ll have to keep going forward no matter how bad this hurts.” thought Naruto as he started walking towards another tree when suddenly something came flying at him from behind and knocked him off balance so that all he could see were black spots in front of his eyes before everything went dark again…

Naruto woke up a few minutes later with a terrible headache and found himself lying on the ground surrounded by some kind of green liquid which smelled really bad. “What is this?” Naruto asked while trying not to gag from its disgusting scent. Then he noticed that his body felt different than it used to so he started feeling around for any possible injuries only to find that one arm had been replaced with something else…

“Wh-what’s going on?!” yelled out Naruto while looking at his new arm which was much longer and stronger looking then before… “What happened to me?! Where am I?” shouted out Naruto while trying to get up from where he was lying but couldn’t because it felt like both of his legs were broken or something.

“Ahhh! Help!” screamed out Naruto as soon as he realized that not only did he have a new arm, but also two more legs too which made him feel very uncomfortable in the process… “Why do I suddenly have an extra pair of limbs?” asked out loud while trying to figure out what was happening around him…

Just then, another creature came up behind Naruto and started talking to him by saying: “Hey there! You must be new here! My name is Hiroshi and I’m one of the many inhabitants who live on this island.” Naruto looked at Hiroshi with a confused expression on his face because he didn’t understand what the creature was trying to tell him…

“What are you talking about?” asked out loud while trying not to sound too rude towards it since he didn’t want anything bad happening between them both just yet. “Well, we all live here together peacefully without any problems but there might be some people who don’t like us and try to hurt us instead…” said Hiroshi in a serious tone of voice which made Naruto feel very scared now.

“But that won’t happen again because I will make sure of it.” added on by Hiroshi as he stared directly into Naruto’s eyes while trying not to scare him any further… “Oh, okay then!” said out loud with a relieved expression on his face after hearing what Hiroshi had just told him earlier.

“Thank you so much for saving me from those nasty creatures that tried attacking me earlier…” added Naruto as he started walking over towards Hiroshi with a big smile on his face now because he finally felt safe again thanks to its kindness towards him earlier… “You’re welcome! Now come on, let us show you around our little island!” said out loud while grabbing hold of one arm from each side so that they could start walking towards wherever it was going next without any problems whatsoever.

“Oh yeah? Where are we going then?” asked out loud with a curious expression on his face as he looked back over his shoulder at where Hiroshi had been standing beforehand now… “We’re just gonna take you somewhere where there are more people like us living here too!” replied back with a smile across its face since it seemed pretty happy about being able to show Naruto around this place for once.

“That sounds great! I can’t wait then!” exclaimed out loud while running forward now that he finally felt safe again thanks to Hiroshi saving him from those nasty creatures earlier on… “Oh, no problem at all!” replied back with a smile across its face as it continued walking alongside Naruto towards wherever it was going next without any problems whatsoever.

“Okay then, let us get going!” said out loud while trying not to sound too excited about where they were heading off to right now… “Great! Let us show you something special!” added on by Hiroshi as he started walking faster than before now since both of them could feel excitement building up inside their bodies at the moment… “What do we have here?” asked out loud while looking around for anything interesting that might be waiting ahead of them.

“Well, I don’t know what this place looks like yet but if it has some good stuff inside then maybe we can check it out together later on!” replied back with a smile across its face since Naruto seemed pretty excited about going somewhere new now… “That sounds awesome! Let us get moving then!” added on by Hiroshi while grabbing hold of one arm from each side so that they could start walking faster towards wherever it was going next without any problems whatsoever.

“Alright, I’ll be right there!” said out loud with a smile across his face since he finally felt safe again thanks to Hiroshi saving him from those nasty creatures earlier on… “Oh, no problem at all!” replied back in the same way as before as they continued walking towards wherever it was going next without any problems whatsoever.

“Alright then, let us get going!” said out loud while trying not to sound too excited about where they were heading off to right now… “Great! Let us show you something special!” added on by Hiroshi as he started walking faster than before now since both of them could feel excitement building up inside their bodies at the moment.

“What do we have here?” asked out loud while looking around for anything interesting that might be waiting ahead of them. “Well, I don’t know what this place looks like yet but if it has some good stuff inside then maybe we can check it out together later on!” replied back with a smile across its face since Naruto seemed pretty excited about going somewhere new now.

“That sounds awesome! Let us get moving then!” added on by Hiroshi while grabbing hold of one arm from each side so that they could start walking faster towards wherever it was going next without any problems whatsoever. “Alright, I’ll be right there!” said out loud with a smile across his face since he finally felt safe again thanks to Hiroshi saving him from those nasty creatures earlier on…

“Oh, no problem at all!” replied back in the same way as before as they continued walking towards wherever it was going next without any problems whatsoever. “Okay then, let us get going!” said out loud while trying not to sound too excited about where they were heading off to right now…

“Great! Let us show you something special!” added on by Hiroshi as he started walking faster than before now since both of them could feel excitement building up inside their bodies at the moment. “What do we have here?” asked out loud while looking around