The core is a sphere about 1200 km in diameter. It contains 30% of the planet's mass, and is made mostly from iron and nickel. The temperature is so high that all the water has disappeared. It is therefore very hot inside the earth (about 5000°C at the centre). In fact, if you were to dig a hole to the core through the Earth's crust, it would take you more than four months of digging.
    The pressure in the core is so high that the iron and nickel are both liquid - which means that they flow around inside the core. As it rotates on its axis, this causes a very powerful magnetic field outside the earth (see below). This magnetic field is what protects us from radiation from space. It also deflects the charged particles of the solar wind which can cause electrical storms in the atmosphere and damage satellites and other spacecraft.
    The Earth's magnetic field is generated by an electric current in the core, caused by convection inside it. The iron and nickel are heated up at the bottom of the core, then cool down as they move towards the top (it works like a giant kettle). As they flow, they create eddy currents which make a very strong magnetic field around the earth. This is similar to what happens when you push a nail through an electromagnet.

The Sun is a gigantic ball of plasma. In fact, all stars are made up of this state of matter, which is much like a gas except it is composed of free electrons and nuclei (ions) of elements, as opposed to atoms. Plasma is the fourth state of matter: solid, liquid, gas, and plasma. The other three states can be transformed into plasmas by heating until the electrons become “free.” A kettle on a stove illustrates this. When water in the kettle is boiling it becomes steam. Steam is not just vaporized water; the electrons of the atoms have been freed and the material is plasma.

A ball of plasma, like the Sun or Earth's upper atmosphere (ionosphere), is called a plasmasphere. A plasma can conduct electricity much better than ordinary gases or liquids, so it is an excellent electrical conductor. A gas or liquid can also become a plasma if subjected to magnetic fields. This occurs with Earth’s upper atmosphere during geomagnetic storms.

Plasma can be heated by the energy from radioactive decay in some cases, but more often it is generated by nuclear fusion of light atoms into heavier ones and then converting the energy into heat, which turns the plasma to gas again. This occurs naturally on the Sun (and other stars), where hydrogen fuses to form helium and this releases energy to turn the outer part of the star to plasma.

In the Sun’s atmosphere, the temperature is so high that atoms are ionized (have their electrons stripped off) by the heat. When they do that, they become charged ions and free electrons and this creates a very good electrical conductor called plasma. This plasma has a positive charge (the ion) and a negative charge (electron).

Therefore, if we want to understand the solar wind and its effects on Earth, we need to understand how the Sun produces this high temperature plasma that blows out into space. As we noted, it is produced by nuclear fusion of hydrogen atoms deep inside the Sun. This produces a huge amount of energy which raises the temperature in the center of the Sun. The temperatures in the core are over 10 million degrees Celsius. At these high temperatures the electrons are ripped off the nuclei and then the atoms become positively charged ions (cations). These cations move to the surface of the Sun, but since they are positively charged, they can only escape the gravity of the Sun if there is a negative electric field to repel them. This electric field exists because there are more electrons than nuclei on the surface of the Sun, so it has an overall negative charge.

This negative charge acts as a "repeller" and helps force the cations into space and out past Earth. There are also protons (which are hydrogen nuclei) in the solar wind which act as positively charged ions. The electrons follow along with them to keep the plasma electrically neutral. In other words, there is a positive charge associated with each negative charge. If it were not for this negative electric field on the Sun, then all of the solar wind would fall back into the Sun (like rain falling off an umbrella). Since we do have a solar wind that blows past Earth, then we know that the electrons are forced out by the positive cations and they move in the same general direction. The solar wind consists of this mix of ions (cations) and electrons which are moving at high speed through space.

The temperature on the surface of the Sun is very high compared with Earth, so it gives off a lot of radiation that can reach us here. This solar radiation is mostly in the form of photons, or light waves. The energy in each light wave varies depending upon the color of the light. For example, ultraviolet (UV) light has higher energy per light wave than red light. As these light waves travel out from the Sun they collide with electrons in space and knock them off into space as well. This process is called the photoelectric effect, and it produces electrons in addition to the ones that were already in the solar wind.

The high-energy UV photons are also absorbed by any gas clouds or dust particles (planets) they encounter, which means that there is less radiation coming from the Sun itself and more energy going into heating these gas clouds and dust particles. As they heat up they emit their own light, which is called thermal emission, and this makes the dust look brighter than if it were not heated by the Sun.

As we move away from the Sun in space, we find that there are fewer cations (positively charged ions) present in the solar wind. This means that as time goes on, the electric field that is produced by these charges becomes smaller and smaller. Since this electric field repels the electrons and keeps them moving outward away from Earth, then as it gets weaker, more of those electrons will return to Earth instead of staying in orbit around us like they normally would do during their 12 hour period. The reason that this happens is because when an electron enters our atmosphere (which has an overall positive charge), it quickly loses its speed and falls back to the surface of Earth. As a result, there are fewer electrons in space above us which means that we get less electric field from these charges. This causes more electrons to return to Earth instead of staying up high where they belong.