[INC]It's just an idea. I think it can be translated better but it's really hard to translate something into another language especially when they are so different from each other.

I would like to know if 迅速盗贼潛伏 means "The Velociraptor stalks its prey". Or maybe someone can tell me if there is a better translation?[/INC]

- Quote

[QUOTE=Dr.Barnes;384975]Well, they are named after the swift lizard - the "r" is a reference to that.[/QUOTE]

So why don't you use the word 迅猛 for the species name? It would be just as accurate. What am I missing here?

First, I want to thank everyone for the help they gave me when translating the title and author name of the original post into Chinese. I appreciate it so much! This is my first time posting here on this forum (though I have visited many times), so please be gentle with me if I make any mistakes.

My question is about one line in particular:

> 迅猛狩獵為嬰兒龍
> The Velociraptor hunts for baby Azhdarchids

I have checked many different dictionaries, but I can't find anything that makes sense. Google translate suggests a lot of "raptors", which doesn't sound quite right to me. From what I've found online so far, "迅猛" seems to be the character used most often to refer to Velociraptor (at least in Mandarin Chinese). So my guess would be that 迅猛狩獵 is a type of hunting or fighting style? But then what does it mean when we add "嬰兒龍" at the end?

I've checked out some articles about Azhdarchids, but they aren't very helpful. The one I found says that "嬰兒龍" means baby dragon; however, when searching for other words using this character (婦), it seems to be related to women and mothers rather than dragons or babies. So maybe it is related to "婦人"? I've also seen 貓母嬰獅子 which translates as "cat mother kitten tiger", so perhaps there's some sort of pun here?

Any help would be greatly appreciated! Thanks again for all your help!

The sentence, "She is the top predator of these forests.", can be translated into Chinese as 「她是這些森林的頂級掠食者。」. However, in a translation competition I participated in recently, my Chinese-English translation (the above sentence) was rejected by a native English speaker on the ground that "She is the top predator of these forests" is an idiomatic expression meaning "She is very hungry.".

The question is:
1) Is it possible to translate 「她是這些森林的頂級掠食者。」 as "She is very hungry"?
2) If not, should the Chinese translation be rephrased?

I'm just curious to know what it would be like. I can get the individual meanings of each character, but I want to know if there are any words that sound more natural with an English translation than using these characters. Also, are the characters commonly used together, or is this a rare combination?

Thanks in advance for your help.

Last edited:

If not, do you think it would be possible to write such a thing? I ask because of a question at another thread: "The sentence looks fine as it stands. But what if the だ were moved after the た, and then the sentence became [ある 人の 名前 は 知りません]."

It seems like such an instruction would be helpful in situations like this, where you have to make sure the particles are in the correct order (or else it could change the meaning of the sentence). And even if there's no way to write a morpheme-by-morpheme translation for all sentences, I wonder if it might still be possible for some.

In other words, is such a thing even feasible?