[URL=’https://www.buyessayclub.org/uploads/instruction/75391-write-a-report-without-an-introduction.jpg’]
Write a report without an introduction.[/URL]

In 2016, there were 418 fire injuries, and 20 fatalities in New South Wales. The number of fires that occurred during that time was around 14,537 (NSWFB, 2017). These numbers show a decrease of the same metric from previous years; for example, in the year 2015 there were about 24 fatalities and 655 injuries due to fire incidents. The NSW Fire Brigade is responsible for the protection and prevention of fires that occur throughout the state (NSWFB, 2017). These numbers show a decrease of the same metric from previous years; for example, in the year 2015 there were about 24 fatalities and 655 injuries due to fire incidents. The NSW Fire Brigade is responsible for the protection and prevention of fires that occur throughout the state (NSWFB, 2017).
In Australia, 14% of all deaths caused by fire were in New South Wales with a total of 238 recorded deaths. The leading cause of death from these types of accidents was asphyxiation or smoke inhalation which accounted for over 50% of all fatalities. This statistic emphasizes how important it is to have reliable methods for early detection and rapid evacuation when a fire breaks out (NSWFB, 2017).
In Australia, 14% of all deaths caused by fire were in New South Wales with a total of 238 recorded deaths. The leading cause of death from these types of accidents was asphyxiation or smoke inhalation which accounted for over 50% of all fatalities. This statistic emphasizes how important it is to have reliable methods for early detection and rapid evacuation when a fire breaks out (NSWFB, 2017).
The following are the four types of automatic fire detectors used in New South Wales: smoke automatic fire detector, heat automatic fire detector, flame automatic fire detector, and gas-dispersing automatic fire detector. Each type has its advantages over the others, so it is important to choose one that will work best for you depending on your needs (NSWFB, 2017).
Smoke Automatic Fire Detectors
The smoke automatic fire detectors are used in areas where people need to be warned of the danger posed by a fire. Smoke is an invisible gas, and it can spread quickly throughout a building before anyone realizes what has happened (NSWFB, 2017). Smoke-detection systems alert occupants when there’s too much smoke in their environment so they don’t become trapped or overcome by the fumes. This type of detector may also sound an alarm that alerts nearby firefighters to respond quickly with their equipment and water supply (NSWFB, 2017).
Heat Automatic Fire Detectors
This detector detects heat from flames as they are burning in your building or home. The device will trigger the alarm when it senses temperatures above normal levels within its range of detection; this means you can be alerted before any damage occurs on property and lives are saved (NSWFB, 2017).
Flame Automatic Fire Detectors
The flame automatic fire detector is used to detect flames and other sources of heat that may ignite the combustible materials in your building. This device has a built-in alarm which will sound when it senses high temperatures or an open flame (NSWFB, 2017).
Gas Dispersing Automatic Fire Detectors
This detector uses gas sensors to detect carbon monoxide levels that can be produced by fires. The device will trigger the alarm if it senses higher-than-normal amounts of this substance in your home or business premises. This type of automatic fire detector is ideal for areas where people are working with combustible materials because they’re not affected by smoke as easily as other types (NSWFB, 2017).
Conclusion
In conclusion, these four types of automatic fire detectors can be used to save lives and properties from fires. Smoke is an invisible gas that spreads quickly throughout a building before anyone realizes what has happened; it’s important for people in such situations to know how they will sound an alarm so nearby firefighters respond with their equipment quickly (NSWFB, 2017). This type of detector may also sound an alarm that alerts nearby firefighters to respond quickly with their equipment and water supply (NSWFB, 2017). The heat automatic fire detector is used for areas where people need to be warned of the danger posed by a fire. Smoke-detection systems alert occupants when there’s too much smoke in their environment so they don’t become trapped or overcome by the fumes (NSWFB, 2017). Heat Automatic Fire Detectors This detector detects heat from flames as they are burning in your building or home. The device will trigger the alarm when it senses temperatures above normal levels within its range of detection; this means you can be alerted before any damage occurs on property and lives are saved (NSWFB, 2017). The flame automatic fire detector is used to detect flames and other sources of heat that may ignite combustible materials in your building. This device has a built-in alarm which will sound when it senses high temperatures or an open flame (NSWFB, 2017). The gas dispersing automatic fire detector uses gas sensors to detect carbon monoxide levels that can be produced by fires.

References:
NSW Fire Brigade. (2017, November 7). Retrieved from https://www.nswfirebrigade.com/about-us/who-we-are/