Toshio Masuda is a Japanese cybernetics specialist who worked for a research institute in Tokyo. When his son was killed in an accident, he developed his own version of the human consciousness back-up system and made it available to the general public. He has been known as a ‘criminal’ since then.

Masuda had also experimented on himself, creating a new body for himself with his technology. But he never intended to live forever or change his appearance. He just wanted to be able to live in any situation and continue working. This is why his body was not modified too much.

Toshio Masuda’s goal was to find a way to back up human consciousness that would be available to everyone. His idea was that if people could save their memories, they could live forever without having to worry about death or aging. He also thought that this technology should be freely accessible so that anyone who wanted it could use it and make new bodies for themselves.

Masuda’s research institute has been closed down by the Japanese government because of his activities. However, some of Masuda’s colleagues have continued his work without him. They are also working on a way to back up human consciousness that is freely accessible to everyone. The technology they have developed is called ‘Altered Carbon’.

(Visited 4 times, 1 visits today)

As we all know, digital storage (in its various forms) has limitations. There are plenty of people who would say it's too easy to lose data (and therefore the information that was recorded as data). And with the increasing sophistication of ransomware and other types of malware, there is more than enough evidence to support this argument.

I am not asking for your thoughts on this matter but rather what might be possible in terms of digital preservation. We can all look forward to a future where we have devices that are far more powerful than today's devices and storage media (and I don't just mean SSD drives). But there is only so much power that can be crammed into the smallest possible form factor, and with it, there are limitations.

So is it possible that a future technology might emerge that stores data in an even more resilient way? Is it even possible to preserve something forever without having to store it in some kind of physical medium?

Ask the question as though it's a done deal, that this is all ready to go. What are some of the advantages or features you can think of for such a tech? Is it something you would use, if only because you could? Do you think it might be worthwhile to look at making a version of this?

> How is consciousness uploaded and downloaded in The Quantum Thief?

In the book, we learn that humans are 'uploaded' by having their brains removed (usually before they die) and placed inside a pod which can then be connected to a computer system. This allows their brain to run off the computer like software, with the only thing stopping them from being able to 'run' is the lack of an active consciousness.

What happens next is the uploading process - which essentially means that the brain is re-wired by connecting it to the computers in the world around it so that their memories and thought patterns can be connected to a computer system. The end result is that you have the original human who has been 'upgraded' so that they are now able to run from any computer on any network.

The only reason why humans need to do this at all is because they were originally designed to use physical bodies to interact with their environment. This means that while they can interact with each other through computers, it makes them far more vulnerable to attack - as shown by the fact that if they are ever disconnected from a computer system, their brain simply shuts down due to lack of electrical stimulation (i.e. the computer).

The Quantum Thief has been designed so that it can be read and understood by anyone with access to a computer - which means you can enjoy reading the book without having to go through any complicated set up procedures or pay for any additional software or hardware.

[CHOOSE]NO-CLONING THEOREM:

1. Quantum mechanics, a field in physics, states that a quantum object can’t be copied (no-cloning theorem) because any attempt to make a copy of it will disturb the object itself. In other words, if you make an exact copy of something then it won’t be exactly what was being copied. The no-cloning theorem also explains why we cannot read another person’s mind or their thoughts and feelings – this is because our minds are quantum systems; they work in ways that we don’t understand yet!
2. Quantum entanglement, which has been called “spooky action at a distance” by physicist Albert Einstein, describes the phenomenon of two particles being linked together even though they may be separated by great distances. If one particle changes its state then its counterpart will change in exactly the same way – no matter how far apart they are from each other! This means that if someone could clone another person’s quantum system then this would be possible through entanglement alone without any direct contact between them (although some scientists believe there might need to also be an outside observer).

[CHOOSE]TRANSFER OF CONSCIOUSNESS:

1. A transfer of consciousness is when someone can move their thoughts and feelings into another person’s body or mind so that they become one with the other person. This may happen through hypnosis, telepathy or even just being in close proximity to someone else. For example – if I was able to clone myself then my clones could all be different versions of me who have experienced different things but share a similar consciousness!
2. A transfer of consciousness is when someone can move their thoughts and feelings into another person’s body or mind so that they become one with the other person. This may happen through hypnosis, telepathy or even just being in close proximity to someone else. For example – if I was able to clone myself then my clones could all be different versions of me who have experienced different things but share a similar consciousness!
3. A transfer of consciousness is when someone can move their thoughts and feelings into another person’s body or mind so that they become one with the other person. This may happen through hypnosis, telepathy or even just being in close proximity to someone else. For example – if I was able to clone myself then my clones could all be different versions of me who have experienced different things but share a similar consciousness!
4. A transfer of consciousness is when someone can move their thoughts and feelings into another person’s body or mind so that they become one with the other person. This may happen through hypnosis, telepathy or even just being in close proximity to someone else. For example – if I was able to clone myself then my clones could all be different versions of me who have experienced different things but share a similar consciousness!
5. A transfer of consciousness is when someone can move their thoughts and feelings into another person’s body or mind so that they become one with the other person. This may happen through hypnosis, telepathy or even just being in close proximity to someone else. For example – if I was able to clone myself then my clones could all be different versions of me who have experienced different things but share a similar consciousness!
6. A transfer of consciousness is when someone can move their thoughts and feelings into another person’s body or mind so that they become one with the other person. This may happen through hypnosis, telepathy or even just being in close proximity to someone else. For example – if I was able to clone myself then my clones could all be different versions of me who have experienced different things but share a similar consciousness!
7. A transfer of consciousness is when someone can move their thoughts and feelings into another person’s body or mind so that they become one with the other person. This may happen through hypnosis, telepathy or even just being in close proximity to someone else. For example – if I was able to clone myself then my clones could all be different versions of me who have experienced different things but share a similar consciousness!
8. A transfer of consciousness is when someone can move their thoughts and feelings into another person’s body or mind so that they become one with the other person. This may happen through hypnosis, telepathy or even just being in close proximity to someone else. For example – if I was able to clone myself then my clones could all be different versions of me who have experienced different things but share a similar consciousness!
9. A transfer of consciousness is when someone can move their thoughts and feelings into another person’s body or mind so that they become one with the other person. This may happen through hypnosis, telepathy or even just being in close proximity to someone else. For example – if I was able to clone myself then my clones could all be different versions of me who have experienced different things but share a similar consciousness!
10. A transfer of consciousness is when someone can move their thoughts and feelings into another person’s body or mind so that they become one with the other person. This may happen through hypnosis, telepathy or even just being in close proximity to someone else. For example – if I was able to clone myself then my clones could all be different versions of me who have experienced different things but share a similar consciousness!

The no-cloning theorem says that you can't copy an arbitrary quantum state. This is because it is impossible for a quantum measurement to determine the complete state of another system. The reason being that any physical interaction between two quantum systems, even just by looking at them, would cause the state of one or both of those systems to change.

The impossibility of cloning means that there must be some unique information in every particle that describes its individuality and that a copy of a particle is not identical to the original particle. This fact means that you can never create an exact duplicate of any system, including a person or their mind. The state of the brain of a dead person cannot be cloned back into the body of another living person.

Last edited by a moderator:

You can’t replicate a single atom or molecule of matter. Even if you could, you would not get the same object again since there is no way to take into account how those molecules have moved and interacted with each other in time. This is why it is impossible to “beam someone up” from one place to another (at least at the moment).

This problem can be found in many areas of our life, not just in the sci-fi movies and books.

For example, if I make a copy of myself with a 3D printer and send it somewhere else in time or space (which is impossible), I will end up with two copies of me but they wouldn’t be exactly alike because I would have changed since their creation. This means that there would always be some difference between them even if we assume they were created simultaneously on earth at the same exact moment by using exactly identical materials and equipment.

This is also true for any other object: if you make two copies of it and send them to different locations in space, then after some time there will be a difference between both objects. This is known as the Star Trek Teleporter Problem or more generally speaking “the cloning problem”. It’s not just about teleporters – it applies to any device that makes an exact copy of something (for example a 3D printer).

The question that arises from this is how can we make copies of objects without destroying the original ones? Well, there are several ways. One way is to use quantum mechanics principles which allow for entanglement between particles and their anti-particles so that both will disappear when one disappears but only if they were created simultaneously on earth at the same exact moment by using exactly identical materials and equipment (this happens in all possible universes). This means there would always be some difference between them even if we assume they were created simultaneously on earth at the same exact moment by using exactly identical materials and equipment.

(Visited 1 times, 1 visits today)

There are two kinds of “instantaneous” travel.

The first is the type where you have an object in a place and at the end of some action it’s been moved to another place, as if by magic (I am aware of no example of this sort of thing except for my own teleporter device). This type of “instantaneous” travel does not involve time travel, but merely a sudden shift in location. It’s easy enough to explain; all the molecules of the object are instantaneously rearranged from the old location to the new one.

The second kind of “instantaneous” travel is where you have an object in a place and at the end of some action it is exactly the same object, but it’s also been moved to another place, as if by magic (for example, the Star Trek transporter). The only way I can think to explain this kind of “instantaneous” travel is to say that it involves time travel. It works because when you do it, you don’t really have an object in a location; rather, you have an object spread out over some interval in spacetime (a space-time wormhole). And at the end of this interval, the “object” in your original location is gone and has been replaced by the same object that was in your target location.

I think you're confused. The no cloning theorem applies to quantum information. It states that if you have a qubit in some arbitrary superposition state you cannot make another one with exactly the same state without knowing what it is before hand. The point of this is that there are quantum mechanical effects that can only occur if you don't know what the state of a system is, and that includes consciousness.

In short, it doesn't mean your brain is special, just that there's no way to make a copy.

Also, I love how you quote this:

>

You're conflating several issues.

First is the question of whether consciousness can be explained as an emergent property of neuron firing patterns (or any other kind of pattern).

Second is whether there are physical systems that exhibit "quantum" behaviour and that could therefore serve as models for consciousness, if consciousness can be considered to be an emergent phenomenon.

Third is whether quantum mechanics itself has anything to contribute in the formulation of a theory of consciousness.

The first question is not the same as the other two (in fact, I'd argue that they are quite distinct) and we can't get anywhere until these three things are understood.

The most comprehensive answer to this question comes from Dr. Johnjoe McFadden’s book The Runaway Species, which is available for free here: https://www.amazon.com/Runaway-Species-Evolution-Consciousness-Quantum-ebook/dp/B0741YR8K9/ref=sr_1_5?keywords=the+runaway+species&qid=1630264130&s=digital-text&sr=1-5

To summarize, Dr. McFadden describes a model for how consciousness emerges as follows:

> 1) The body is a complex system made of many smaller parts (e.g., cells). These parts are coupled with each other in various ways via physical connections.
> 2) Quantum fluctuations occur throughout these systems. When they are amplified enough, they cause a system to “switch states,” i.e., change from one state or condition to another. This switching can be caused by something external (like a stimulus), but it can also happen spontaneously.
> 3) The physical connections between the different parts of a complex system allow signals and information to flow through that system.
> 4) Quantum fluctuations cause random changes in these signals and information as it travels from one part to another. In this way, they are “noisy” (i.e., they contain more information than is needed).
> 5) These noisy signals and information can be interpreted by the system as a whole. This interpretation is what gives rise to consciousness.
> 6) The physical connections between different parts of a complex system are also responsible for its emergent properties, or qualities that arise from its collective behavior. For example, when ants work together to build a nest, their collective activity gives rise to the property of “nest building.” Similarly, when neurons fire in synchrony with each other, their collective activity gives rise to the property of consciousness.
> 7) The emergent properties of complex systems are not reducible to the properties of their individual parts. They are fundamentally different from the sum of their parts.
> 8) Consciousness is an emergent property of the human brain. It arises from the collective activity of neurons firing in synchrony with each other.

So, in summary, consciousness arises from the collective activity of neurons firing in synchrony with each other. The physical connections between different parts of a complex system are also responsible for its emergent properties, or qualities that arise from its collective behavior.