Including some info would be helpful, like what is the average age and income of women in these regions. That should give a clue as to why they dye their hair. If they have lots of money, and aren't aging so much, then it must be for fun. But if they don't have much money and are trying to get ahead in the work force, that means that people might dye their hair more often or use products to help it grow longer.

I'm assuming that women who have the ability to get their hair dyed, but choose not to, live in poverty stricken countries where they can't afford this kind of thing. So you should be able to narrow the markets down to those regions with more disposable income.

The US Army has been using the M4A1 carbine in Afghanistan and Iraq. The USMC is transitioning to the M4A1 from the M16A2. However, I don't think the Navy or Air Force use it at all.

> The US Army has been using the M4A1 carbine in Afghanistan and Iraq. The USMC is transitioning to the M4A1 from the M16A2. However, I don't think the Navy or Air Force use it at all.

Actually the U.S. Marine Corps was the first Service to field the M4/M4A1 carbine as a replacement for the M16/M16A2. The Army is just catching up to them by replacing their aging M16A2's with M4A1's (a more accurate and lethal weapon than the M16).
The Air Force and Navy have adopted the M4/M4A1 carbine, however they haven't fielded it as widely.

> Actually the U.S. Marine Corps was the first Service to field the M4/M4A1 carbine as a replacement for the M16/M16A2. The Army is just catching up to them by replacing their aging M16A2's with M4A1's (a more accurate and lethal weapon than the M16).
> The Air Force and Navy have adopted the M4/M4A1 carbine, however they haven't fielded it as widely.

The Air force does use the m4 but not very many are in use by them compared to other services.

Markets:
• Japan (26.8% market share in 2013)
• France
• Germany
• United States

Sources:
1. Market Research Future’s “Men Hair Color Market – Global Forecast to 2022”
2. Euromonitor International's "Hair Dyeing in the United States" (April 2015)
3. The NPD Group, Inc.'s "US Men's Grooming: Q1 2016 Review"
4. Grand View Research’s “Men Hair Color Market - Global Forecast to 2022”
5. Mintel's "Men’s Hair Care in the United States" (February 2017)

My friend is a Brazilian and she told me that not many people there use hair dyes or color products for their hair. Is this true? I'm curious because it seems like most Brazilians have darker, natural hair colors. Are most people using home dye kits or are salons the norm for coloring hair?

I am just surprised that she said she had never heard of a Brazilian woman dying her hair. And that very few people use hair dyes. I've always thought that all Brazilians had super dark, glossy hair.