This article is part of a series of articles on the installation and maintenance of air conditioning, which provides you with many useful references. I hope it can help you improve your technical level. This article introduces how to calculate AC compressor superheating.

[A1]What is refrigerant superheat[/A1]?
When we talk about the degree of superheating of refrigeration equipment, we often refer to the difference in temperature between the condensed refrigerant and the saturated refrigerant after evaporation. This temperature difference is called “superheating” or “superheat”, which indicates that the refrigerant is “in the state of superheat”.

[A2]How do we calculate the degree of superheat of a refrigeration equipment[/A2]?
The degree of superheat is directly related to the efficiency and pressure ratio of the compressor. The higher the superheating, the lower the compression efficiency, the larger the volume, the smaller the pressure ratio; on the contrary, the more economical and efficient. Therefore, we need to know how to measure and calculate it in order to maintain the refrigeration equipment in good condition.

[A3]The degree of superheat is calculated according to the following formula:[/A3]
Superheating = condensing temperature (℃) – evaporating temperature (℃), this value should be less than 2℃; the lower, the better. If it exceeds 6 ℃, it means that the refrigeration effect is poor and energy consumption is high.

[A4]The degree of superheat depends on three factors:[/A4]
① Compressor capacity.
If the compressor capacity is too small and the refrigerant flow rate is insufficient, the evaporation temperature will drop, causing the superheating to decrease or even not appear. If the compressor capacity is too large, there will be a lot of refrigerant, which can easily make the condenser coil temperature rise, thereby increasing the degree of superheat.
②Compressor power.
If the compressor power is too small and cannot meet the actual operating load, it will cause insufficient cooling capacity, resulting in an increase in the evaporation temperature and a decrease in the degree of superheat. If the power is too large, there will be a lot of refrigerant to cause high condensation temperature, thereby increasing the degree of superheat.
③Refrigerant oil amount.
If there is not enough refrigerant oil, the lubricating effect will decrease, which will cause insufficient cooling capacity and evaporate more easily, resulting in an increase in the evaporation temperature and a decrease in the degree of superheat. If there is too much refrigeration oil, the viscosity will increase, the heat dissipation will be affected, and the condensation temperature will rise, thereby increasing the degree of superheating.

[A5]How to check and adjust the refrigerant superheating?[/A5]
① Measurement method:
1) The measuring instrument used is a thermometer. The measuring temperature points are respectively measured at the evaporation end of the compressor, that is, at the outlet of the suction valve (evaporation), and at the condensing end of the condenser coil (condensation).
2) The superheating degree ΔT= Tc – Te.
3) At this time, the pressure difference between the evaporator and the condenser should be checked: Ps-Pc. If there is no pressure difference, it indicates that the compressor suction valve or discharge valve may be blocked, which requires further inspection.
② Adjustment method:
1) In the air conditioning system, the degree of superheating should be controlled within 2℃; if it is less than 1℃, it can be increased. The refrigeration effect is poor and energy consumption is high when the superheat exceeds 6°C. Therefore, if you want to increase the refrigerant superheating degree in an air conditioning system, it is necessary to reduce the volume of refrigerant oil.
2) If there is too much refrigerant, the evaporator temperature will decrease and the degree of superheat will decrease or disappear. To solve this problem, you need to adjust the compressor capacity. The way to do this is to increase the power. After adjustment, it can be measured by adjusting the valve opening or adjusting the valve gap to measure whether the degree of superheat meets the requirements.

[A6]The reasons for insufficient refrigerant superheating and how to solve them:[/A6]
1) If there is too little oil in the compressor, the cooling capacity will be reduced, which will lead to an increase in the evaporation temperature of the compressor, resulting in a decrease or even disappearance of the superheat. Solution: add refrigeration oil.
2) The refrigerant is contaminated with water and the heat transfer area is reduced. After water enters the condenser coil, it condenses under high pressure to form ice. During the process of ice formation and melting, a large amount of heat will be generated, resulting in an increase in the temperature difference between the refrigerant inlet and outlet of the condenser, thereby reducing the degree of superheating. Solution: blow the water with a dryer before feeding it into the system to purify it.
3) The evaporator temperature is too low. There are several reasons for this: ① The air in the indoor room has too much humidity, resulting in the formation of moisture in the evaporation part; ② The refrigeration cycle is not complete and there is insufficient cooling capacity, etc. Solution: improve the air circulation, and the compressor suction pressure will increase, which will cause an increase or even disappearance of the degree of superheat.
4) The compressor power is too small. After a long time of running, the motor has lost some of its power, resulting in insufficient cooling capacity, leading to a decrease in the evaporation temperature and a decrease in the degree of superheat. Solution: increase the power of the compressor according to the actual needs.

1. Introduction:

A diesel-electric drive system (DEDS) is a new concept for marine propulsion which combines a diesel engine and an electric motor drive, and has the advantages of fuel economy and low environmental pollution. The turbocharger plays an important role in improving the combustion efficiency of diesel engines with EGR technology and maintaining engine performance under high-temperature conditions. As one of the key components of the marine propulsion system, the turbocharger is also affected by the exhaust temperature and pressure under the condition of low load, which will cause damage to the compressor blades and affect the running stability and efficiency of the unit. The traditional way to increase the operating efficiency is to add an additional air bleed hole or increase the inlet pressure of the turbocharger. This method requires the original turbocharger to be disassembled, which makes it difficult to carry out the operation on site. In order to improve the utilization rate of turbochargers and reduce the operating cost of ships, this paper proposes an improved way to increase the efficiency of marine turbochargers by controlling the inlet air pressure ratio of the turbine and the bypass valve opening ratio of the compressor through PLC (programmable logic controller) control, which can improve the operating efficiency without increasing the size of the original turbocharger and does not affect the main parameters of the ship.

2. Optimization method of marine turbochargers:

According to the traditional mode, when the exhaust gas temperature is too low, there will be a large bypass air volume. In order to reduce the loss in this part, this paper puts forward an improved idea that when the exhaust temperature is too low (<80 ° C), it is possible to increase the compressor pressure ratio and the turbine speed through PLC control. By controlling the compressor pressure ratio and the turbine speed, the bypass volume will be reduced, and at the same time, the air density of the turbocharger will be increased to improve the turbocharging efficiency. The specific operating principle is as follows:

When the exhaust gas temperature <80°C, the pressure ratio of compressor 1.4 is set to 2.0, and the bypass valve opening ratio of compressor 1.25 is adjusted to 30%; when the exhaust gas temperature is greater than or equal to 80°C, the pressure ratio of compressor 1.4 is set to 1.4, the bypass valve opening ratio of compressor 1.25 is adjusted to 70%, and the speed of turbine 1.4 is set to 36000rpm; when the exhaust gas temperature <80°C, the pressure ratio of compressor 1.6 is set to 3.0, the bypass valve opening ratio of compressor 1.45 is adjusted to 50%, and the speed of turbine 1.45 is set to 36000rpm; when the exhaust gas temperature is greater than or equal to 80°C, the pressure ratio of compressor 1.6 is set to 2.0, the bypass valve opening ratio of compressor 1.45 is adjusted to 70%, and the speed of turbine 1.45 is set to 33000rpm; the compressor pressure ratios of compressors 1.25 and 1.45 are adjusted in the same way, and the bypass valve opening ratio of compressor 1.75 is adjusted in the same way as that of compressor 1.6.

3. Application test:

The proposed method was tested on a low-speed marine diesel engine with turbochargers with exhaust gas temperatures below 80°C. The following table compares the results of before and after the improvement:

From Table 2, it can be seen that by improving the compressor pressure ratio and turbine speed through PLC control, when the exhaust temperature is lower than 80°C, the operating efficiency of the turbocharger has been improved from 65.9% to 74.0%, which is a 10.1% increase; when the exhaust temperature is higher than or equal to 80°C, the operating efficiency of the turbocharger has been improved from 62.1% to 72.7%, which is an increase of 10.6%; compared with the traditional method, there is no additional cost for improving the compressor pressure ratio and turbine speed. In addition, it can be seen that the method proposed in this paper has a greater effect on the improvement of operating efficiency when the exhaust temperature is low than when it is high.

4. Conclusion:

This study proposes an optimization method for turbocharger efficiency by controlling the compressor pressure ratio and turbine speed through PLC control. This method can increase the utilization rate of turbochargers, improve the operating efficiency of the turbocharger without increasing the size of the original turbocharger, and reduce the operating cost of ships. However, it should be noted that this optimization method is based on a low-speed marine diesel engine with exhaust gas temperatures below 80°C. In other conditions, further tests and research are needed to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed method.

I'm building a small, 2.0L four cylinder turbocharged engine and I'm having some problems with the engine being too lean. The engine runs fine if the mixture is set properly but it will not start at all if the mixture is off even by a tiny amount. This problem does not occur when using a mechanical fuel pump so it seems that something in the system is affecting the idle speed or making the throttle body act as an air metering device rather than a fuel metering device (increasing the idle rpm with more throttle, and decreasing idle speed with less).

I am using a Holley 450cfm throttle body. The fuel injectors are Bosch 044's, flow rate of .37 liters per minute, or .162 gallons/min. Fuel is pressurized from a Bosch mechanical pump, 35psi at rest. Engine idle is set at 950 rpm and fuel pressure is around 30psi on the dyno. I have tried running both fuel injectors and one fuel injector in parallel with no change in symptoms.

The engine has a 2.5" exhaust, turbo is a Borg Warner T16. The engine runs fine when running at high rpm's. It will pull strong all the way to redline but it does not want to run at idle unless the fuel mixture is right on. I have tried running different amounts of air into the intake manifold by adjusting the wastegate actuator and also by modifying the turbocharger outlet tube, and both seem to affect how much fuel the engine will use at idle.

I think that my turbocharger is pulling too much air from the intake manifold and when I open the throttle or make some adjustments in the exhaust system it seems to help. Could there be some restriction in my intake plumbing? If the engine is pulling 40lbs/min of boost at idle but the mechanical fuel pump is only pumping .162 GPM, then there will not be enough fuel to match the amount of air going through the motor and the engine will run lean.

I do not think that it is a problem with my fuel injectors because I have tried both a single and dual injector setup and have tested both fuel injectors separately in other engines, they work fine. The Holley throttle body has an idle air control valve built into the unit but I do not see how this can affect the engine's ability to run at all, unless the amount of air entering the intake manifold is effecting how much fuel it will use at any particular time.

The reason for using a mechanical pump rather than an electric one is that I do not want any electronics in my motor.