> [QUOTE]Write me an officiant address for a wedding.[/QUOTE]

I know you are very busy and I don’t want to take up your time, but I was wondering if you might have a moment? Would you be willing to give me some advice? My husband and I were married 13 years ago. We did not have a traditional wedding, and my in-laws refused to come. We had a small ceremony with family and friends at a local park.

We are getting a divorce. My husband has cheated on me (the first time he ever admitted it) and now our marriage is over. He told me I could have the house (we had bought it together) and all of his stuff in there. His mom even brought him a bunch of “his stuff” in boxes and bags. She is angry because we are getting a divorce, but my husband said she would not want any part in it if that were the case. He wants to keep everything in the house.

I want to know what to do next. I am worried about what will happen if I try to get anything from him. I feel like he is going to come back and take his stuff and leave me with nothing but memories of how terrible our marriage was. I don’t want to be left with nothing at all.

My husband said he would sign a contract saying that everything in the house belongs to me, including the house itself (which means he has no right to sell or rent it). He also said he would pay for any legal fees associated with getting out of our marriage and buying our home together again after we have divorced. I don’t know how much that will cost or if it will cover all of our expenses while we are separated.

Do you think this is a good idea? Should I wait until after our divorce is final before trying to get anything from my husband? What should I do next? How can I make sure everything goes smoothly during our separation? Please let me know what advice or guidance you would give me on this topic!

Thank you for your help! I hope to hear back from you soon!

It is said that the first man was born without ribs, because all his ribs were in the woman he was meant to marry. When God created Eve, He used those very ribs. And just like God fashioned the perfect match for Adam from his ribs, so did your mother and father find each other and join their lives together.

I can't help but feel that it is my duty as one who knows you both personally to make the point that there are not many people who know more about the kind of love between a man and woman than these two people. They have lived life side-by-side for years, growing through all of its ups and downs. There is nothing either of them doesn't already know about each other. And yet they still love one another and want to share that love with the rest of the world.

Now I don't pretend to be some great orator like you may have seen in the movies, but I am sure that everyone has at least heard the words: "until death do us part." Of course it is not uncommon to hear these words repeated, as they are repeated here today. But let me ask you a question. Do we really stop to think about what this phrase means?

We all have our own ways of thinking, but if there was one thing I could say that everyone in this room believes, it's that life is short. This is the truth, and as much as we try to deny it, it is reality. And yet, if this couple were to decide that they no longer wanted to be with each other, even after having shared a lifetime together, then what does this mean? That their lives are not so precious?

I think the answer is obvious: marriage is a very serious commitment. It cannot be taken lightly by either party because of how much it affects those around them. It changes your life forever when you choose to enter into marriage with another person. And if you do, then that person has just become part of your family too! So what I say to both of you today is this: never give up on each other or on the promise that was made at your wedding ceremony! You may have doubts along the way about whether things will work out between you two but remember one thing: nothing worth having ever comes easy.

So congratulations to my new husband and wife! May God bless this marriage as he did Adam and Eve's, making it strong enough for both of them to face whatever life throws at them together.

I now pronounce you man and wife!