The current constitution of the Kingdom of Sweden is known as the Instrument of Government (Swedish: Regeringsformen, RF). The current constitution came into force on 1 January 1975 and replaced the 1809 Constitution of Sweden. The constitution is based on a parliamentary system of government with the King serving as Head of State.
The Swedish constitution is made up of four parts: Parts 1-3 form the constitution, while Part 4 details the amending procedure.[1]
The main principles of the constitution are:[2]
"democracy and representative government";
"the division of powers between the legislative, executive and judicial branches of government";
"the freedom of religion";
"freedom of speech";
"freedom to demonstrate and organise public gatherings".
Part 1 of the constitution defines the fundamental principles of Sweden's political system. The first part deals with the sovereignty of the people, stating that "sovereignty rests in the people", who elect a parliament. Parliament may not delegate its power to decide on laws to the Government or anyone else. The second section of Part 1 defines how the Swedish government functions.[3]
The legislative branch is defined in Part 2, which details the Riksdag and how it works. There are two chambers to parliament, the upper chamber, the First Chamber (Swedish: Första kammaren) and the lower chamber, the Second Chamber (Swedish: Andra kammaren). The first chamber is composed of members appointed by each of Sweden's counties and municipalities; while the second chamber is made up of directly elected MP's. Both chambers have equal authority and both must agree on proposed legislation for it to be passed.[4]
Part 3 outlines how the executive branch works, as well as defining the role of the King. It details how the Government is appointed by the Riksdag (and also may be dismissed). The constitution also details who has the authority to issue orders on behalf of Sweden and in what capacity. This section states that only the Government can exercise executive power.[5]
The Swedish judiciary is detailed in Part 4, which defines the role of the courts in society, as well as setting out the powers that the Riksdag may grant them. It also gives information on how courts are formed and who has the authority to appoint judges.[6]
The constitution was written by a constitutional convention[7], comprising all 349 MPs of the Swedish parliament (including both chambers). The constitutional convention began work on 21 October 1970 and its final document, with 678 amendments, was approved by 257 to 49 votes. The Instrument of Government came into force on 1 January 1975.[8]
The current constitution is the third since Sweden became a constitutional monarchy in 1809. The first, and oldest constitution still used, is that of Norway (which is similar to Sweden's) from 1814, which was based on Denmark's Constitution of 1665.[9]
The second was the Instrument of Government of 1809 (Swedish: Regeringsformen af år 1809), and this is the one most Swedes are familiar with. It was written by Jean Baptiste Bernadotte, who became King Karl XIV Johan in 1818. The Instrument of Government came into effect on 6 January 1810. The constitution was amended a number of times in the period until 1975, when it was replaced by the current version.[10]
Sweden's constitution is a fairly short document (in comparison with those from other countries). It has been estimated that about one-third of the text of the US Constitution could be replaced by just two sentences in Sweden's:
"The legislative power shall reside in the Riksdag. The legislative power may not be delegated."[11]

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constitution_of_Sweden