- I installed it and got the error message “This PowerPoint add-in was blocked by group policy. Contact your system administrator.”

Any idea why?
- > I installed it and got the error message “This PowerPoint add-in was blocked by group policy. Contact your system administrator.”
>
> Any idea why?

I'm not sure, but when I ran it in VMWare workstation it worked fine, but then I installed a local copy of Office 2013 and the same error showed up.
- I think this is just because you have a "non-standard" installation of PowerPoint - the one that comes with MS Office does not work. You need to install the separate version of PowerPoint from Microsoft to get this working.

1. Use a language that is not English.
2. Swear excessively, and if you must swear at all then just make it clean or else put it in the spoiler tags.
3. Post messages containing pornographic material, whether in pictures or text form.
4. Post messages that contain racist remarks or hate speech against anyone. This includes posts containing ethnic slurs, negative comments based on race, religious affiliation or other similar subjects.
5. Spam the forum with posts that are completely irrelevant to any topic.
6. Start threads that are completely off-topic or do not relate in any way to the forum.
7. Post a message that is nothing but an image or signature of some kind and does not contribute to any discussion.
8. Post links to sites containing illegal content such as warez, keygen’s, hacks and other material of this nature.
9. Post messages containing libelous or defamatory comments towards anyone.
10. Post messages that are insulting in nature.
11. Double post (posting twice in a row). This is only allowed when it is relevant to the topic at hand or if you have been asked to by an administrator or moderator.
12. Bump threads excessively. Try not to bump more than once every two days unless someone has replied to your thread since the last time you bumped it and there are no new posts in the thread. This includes using any kind of automated posters, etc.
13. Create multiple accounts for yourself (this is usually done to try and evade an infraction or ban). This will result in your account(s) being banned without notice or warning, as well as other penalties such as a permanent IP-Ban on the forums if necessary.
14. Discuss illegal activities on these forums or anywhere else on this site (this includes posting links to sites containing illegal content).
15. Post anything that violates any law or regulation in the country you are from or where your ISP is located.
16. Advertise your site without permission, even if it is related to gaming or technology related subjects (see rule #4 about spamming).
17. Post messages containing viruses or other malicious code of any kind. This includes links and images that contain this type of content. If you do not know what something may be capable of doing then don’t post it. We also will not help you with the removal of these types of items, so please think twice before posting anything.
18. Impersonate another person or group by using their name, signature, avatar etc. without their permission in any way, shape, or form (this includes posting images that look like someone else).
19. Post messages containing chain letters, pyramid schemes or any other kind of spam that is sent from one user to another for financial gain.
20. Use the forum for purposes not related to gaming and technology related subjects such as religion, politics etc. (this includes posting links and images with these types of content).
21. Post anything illegal in your country or where your ISP is located on our servers which could result in legal action being taken against us by someone who finds it offensive. This includes posting things like child pornography or other related items that are not appropriate for this site and may cause us to lose access to our servers due to some kind of law enforcement action against us as a result.
22. Post anything that violates the copyright laws in your country or where your ISP is located (this includes posting links, images etc. of material such as music videos, movies, software etc.). We do not want to see these types of posts on our forums so please think twice before posting them here.
23. Create multiple accounts and use them to spam the forum with links or other content that is not related to gaming and technology related subjects (see rule #4 about spamming). This will result in your account(s) being banned without notice or warning as well as other penalties such as a permanent IP-Ban on these forums if necessary.
24. Post anything that could be considered offensive towards another person’s race, religion, nationality, sexual orientation etc. (this includes posting images with this type of content). We do not want to see these types of posts on our forums so please think twice before posting them here as well as anywhere else on this site where people might view it who may find such things offensive.
25. Post anything that is unrelated or irrelevant to the topic at hand (this includes posting images or other content that has nothing to do with what someone else said). We don’t want our users wasting their time reading posts like this so please think twice before making them.
26. Post links that take you away from these forums to another site without asking permission first from an administrator or moderator (see rule #4 about spamming). This will result in your account being banned without notice or warning as well as other penalties such as a permanent IP-Ban on these forums if necessary.
27. Post messages containing illegal activities that are not related to gaming and technology related subjects (this includes posting links, images etc. with this type of content). We do not want our users wasting their time reading posts like this so please think twice before making them.
28. Create multiple accounts and use them to spam the forum with links or other content that is not related to gaming and technology related subjects (see rule #4 about spamming). This will result in your account(s) being banned without notice or warning as well as other penalties such as a permanent IP-Ban on these forums if necessary.
29. Post anything that violates the terms of service agreement we have with our hosting company (this includes posting links and images that contain illegal activity). We do not want our users wasting their time reading posts like this so please think twice before making them.
30. Create multiple accounts and use them to spam the forum with links or other content that is not related to gaming and technology related subjects (see rule #4 about spamming). This will result in your account(s) being banned without notice or warning as well as other penalties such as a permanent IP-Ban on these forums if necessary.
31. Post anything that violates the terms of service agreement we have with our hosting company (this includes posting links and images that contain illegal activity). We do not want our users wasting their time reading posts like this so please think twice before making them.
32. Create multiple accounts and use them to spam the forum with links or other content that is not related to gaming and technology related subjects (see rule #4 about spamming). This will result in your account(s) being banned without notice or warning as well as other penalties such as a permanent IP-Ban on these forums if necessary.
33. Post anything that violates the copyright laws in your country or where your ISP is located (this includes posting links, images etc. of material such as music videos, movies, software etc.). We do not want to see these types of posts on our forums so please think twice before posting them here.
34. Create multiple accounts and use them to spam the forum with links or other content that is not related to gaming and technology related subjects (see rule #4 about spamming). This will result in your account(s) being banned without notice or warning as well as other penalties such as a permanent IP-Ban on these forums if necessary.
35. Post anything that could be considered offensive towards another person’s race, religion, nationality, sexual orientation etc. (this includes posting images with this type of content). We do not want to see these types of posts on our forums so please think twice before posting them here as well as anywhere else on this site where people might view it who may find such things offensive.
36. Post links that take you away from these forums without asking permission first from an administrator or moderator (see rule #4 about spamming). This will result in your account being banned without notice or warning as well as other penalties such as a permanent IP-Ban on these forums if necessary.
37. Post anything that is unrelated or irrelevant to the topic at hand (this includes posting images or other content that has nothing to do with what someone else said). We don’t want our users wasting their time reading posts like this so please think twice before making them.
38. Post links that take you away from these forums without asking permission first from an administrator or moderator (see rule #4 about spamming). This will result in your account being banned without notice or warning as well as other penalties such as a permanent IP-Ban on these forums if necessary.
39. Post anything that violates the terms of service agreement we have with our hosting company (this includes posting links and images that contain illegal activity). We do not want our users wasting their time reading posts like this so please think twice before making them.
40. Create multiple accounts and use them to spam the forum with links or other content that is not related to gaming and technology related subjects (see rule #4 about spamming). This will result in your account(s) being banned without notice or warning as well as other penalties such as a permanent IP-Ban on these forums if necessary.
41. Post anything that violates the copyright laws in your country or where your ISP is