

As you may have noticed, I don’t do a lot of writing. You might not know that most of my life outside of gaming has been spent in higher education (mostly as an instructor). One of the biggest things I always did when starting off any semester was to make sure all students knew exactly how and what they would be graded on. The same thing applies with any RP game. Players should know, ahead of time, what will be expected of them in order for them to pass muster with the storyteller.

What does this have to do with my topic? Well, in our current storyline, we are going into a full fledged rebellion against the Republic. At least some of us are. There are some that are very unsure about just what is going on and why. One thing I think should be made clear is the level of stability within the government.

In my opinion, as long as there was a Senator Padme Amidala at the helm, the Republic was safe from collapse. She has proven her loyalty to both sides and been able to keep a good amount of peace between them. The Jedi Council would have continued its’ support as well as a number of Senators that are not associated with the Outer Rim or trade guilds. However, now she is dead and the Republic must go on without her.

So what does this mean? Well, it means the stability of the Republic depends heavily upon who is in control. The first question should be asked: Who will take over as Senator of Naboo? It is a question that I am not certain has been answered. If the Senate cannot agree on a replacement for Padme, there may very well be a vacuum of leadership. A second issue would be what side the Senate will ultimately choose to support.

This leads into my second point: Who will control the Jedi Council? It has already been established that Yoda and Mace Windu do not agree with each other on many issues. If Windu becomes Grand Master, there is a good chance he will lose control of the Council and the Jedi Order as well.

The third question is: Who will be in charge at Coruscant? Will Palpatine keep his grip or will the Senate begin to crack down on his control? It seems clear that most of the Senate has already turned against him, but are they willing to stand up and say it? There is a lot of speculation as to what the Senator from Naboo would have done if she were still in her position. Would she have allowed the Jedi Council to fall into turmoil? I think not. So now it comes down to whether or not we will see this happen and if so, how?

The fourth question: Will Padme Amidala return? Well, that is entirely up to the storyteller. It is possible for her character to come back after she was killed by General Grievous in Revenge of the Sith but only if he makes it happen. What I am getting at here is that the players have to know what kind of game they are signing on for, what the expectations and limitations are ahead of time so they can make informed decisions about their characters.

In order to answer this question, we need to understand what democracy really means. If we define a democratic society as one in which all citizens have equal power in decision-making processes, then a government which is democratic must also be participatory. This implies that the political system should give everybody the right and opportunity to participate actively in politics.