[CHA]After I woke up, I realized that I was still in the bed with my husband. I didn’t know why but it seemed like I had been drinking last night and I felt hungover. The first thing I did was look down at myself and I noticed that I didn’t have a woman’s body anymore. Instead, I had a flat chest, a penis and balls and male pubic hair. But that wasn’t all. I was wearing a sundress that left my legs completely exposed. I also realized that I had a male name now. 
My husband noticed me staring down at myself and he asked if I had been up for long. He said it was a little strange but he’d seen me like this before when we were in the hospital because of some medical procedure. That didn’t make sense to me so I started asking him about what happened last night.
He said that we had been having dinner at a restaurant and we got into an argument about something stupid. He said I was acting very rudely towards him and he didn't like it. I remember my rival coming over and telling me she wanted to talk to me. She told me she wanted us to be friends and that she didn’t want us fighting anymore. We talked for a while and then we went back home together.
I asked my husband if they slept together last night, but he said no. He told me that they were just friends and that their relationship was purely platonic. He even told me that they had never kissed before. But when I tried to get more details from him about what happened at dinner he became really vague and evasive. 
He didn’t seem very interested in answering any of my questions so I decided to drop the subject altogether. It was clear that we needed some time apart and I knew if we kept arguing we would both end up hurting each other even worse than before. So I went into the bathroom and got dressed in a new outfit. My husband asked me if he could see what I was wearing, but I told him no because he didn’t deserve it.
When I came back out he noticed that my dress had changed from the one I wore when we first met each other at dinner last night. He said it looked like an entirely different outfit and asked me why I had chosen to wear it today instead of the dress from yesterday. I told him that I wanted to surprise him with something new since it seemed like he wasn’t paying attention anymore.
He laughed at my response but then asked if we could talk about what happened last night again. He said he understood that things were tough between us right now, but he didn't want us fighting anymore than we already had been over the past few weeks. 
I told him that I would try my best to make sure we didn’t argue so much anymore but if it did happen again, then I wanted him to know that he shouldn’t hold anything against me because I never meant for things to get this far out of control between us. He promised that he wouldn't blame me if we ever got into another fight like this again.
When I asked him why he kept insisting on calling me by my male name, he said it was because he didn't want me to think that he still considered me as his female wife anymore. But I told him that I knew what kind of man he really was inside and that he wouldn’t ever hurt anyone like this just for fun. He smiled at me and asked if I would be willing to forgive him anyway, so I agreed to let it slide as long as we never fought again over anything else besides our jobs or family life.
I told my husband that I still wanted to keep living together despite everything that happened last night. But he told me that we couldn’t live together anymore because I wasn't his wife anymore. He also said that he didn't love me anymore and that he was leaving me for another woman. 
I asked him why he would want to leave me just like this after everything we went through together. But before he could answer me, my rival came into the room holding a gun pointed right at my head. She told her husband that she needed his help getting rid of me once and for all so they could be happy together forever without any trouble.
He didn't seem very surprised by this turn of events but he did look confused about why I would want to stay with him after everything that happened last night. He said it was probably because we had sex earlier today but then admitted that she didn’t have anything on me anymore either. She smiled at her husband and told him that she wasn't worried because she knew they would find a way around any problems they might encounter in the future. 
I asked my husband if he knew why I was so upset when we got home from dinner last night, but instead of answering my question, he said that he didn’t care what happened between me and his wife anymore as long as she was happy with him. Then he handed her the gun and told her to shoot me in the head before running outside into the street.
She looked at me with pity in her eyes and asked if I wanted to live or die, but I just shook my head no because I didn't want to risk ending up like my rival had when she shot herself instead of killing me last night. She nodded sadly at my response and then pointed her gun right at my forehead. 
She said it would be easier for both of us if we just went ahead and ended our lives together right now before things got any worse than they already had been so far, but I told her that there was no way in hell that I would ever let myself get killed by a woman like her without even giving me an opportunity to defend myself first.
I grabbed the gun out of her hands and pointed it at her instead while she tried desperately not to panic as she realized what had just happened between us both. Then she pulled out another gun from behind her back and fired it straight into my chest before running away from me screaming that she would kill herself if I didn’t let go of the gun so she could get away safely.
She ran all the way across town until she finally reached the bridge over the river where she had planned on jumping off of when things got too much for her to handle anymore, but instead of committing suicide like she thought, she ended up dying in a car crash right after crashing into another vehicle coming from behind. 
After I watched my rival’s body burn away along with everyone else inside the car with hers, I returned home alone once again feeling completely lost and confused about everything that happened between us both over the past few months since we got married back in January. 
I spent several days locked up inside of our apartment without any contact from anyone except for my husband who only came by occasionally just long enough to feed me before leaving again. I didn’t know what else to do besides wait patiently until he decided to come back home once and for all so we could finally talk about everything that had gone wrong between us, but it wasn't going to happen anytime soon because he seemed determined not to talk to anyone or see them face-to-face ever again. 
But after spending some time alone thinking things over carefully on my own, I decided that maybe this was the best way for me to handle everything since no one else could possibly understand how difficult things had become between us before we got married back in January. So now when people ask me why I still haven’t gotten divorced yet after being separated from my husband for almost an entire year now, I just smile and tell them that he hasn't wanted anything more than this ever since the first day he met me over a year ago back in high school. 
[/CHA]
User 2: >I asked him why he kept insisting on calling me by my male name

This would be where you would ask her "why don't you just call me (your female name)? You seem to know what I like and how to treat me. We can keep going out for dinners, shopping and the movies. Let's have our own little house together."

She should not want anything more than this ever since the first day she met me over a year ago back in high school.