Ask students who are engaged in any learning activity, "what will you do when you get back home?" Most likely they will answer with, "I'll study." Learning and studying are two different things. One of the main problems we have in schools is that we confuse learning and studying. We tend to think that learning happens at school and studying takes place at home. If we want students to become life-long learners, then we need to be aware of this confusion and work towards eliminating it from our schools.

Students should know the difference between learning and studying. In fact, I believe the first step in making a student a lifelong learner is to teach him or her this concept. Learning is an activity that takes place at school. It involves interacting with other students and teachers while studying requires just the student at home without any outside help.

The second step we can take towards making our students more self-directed is by teaching them how to organize themselves so they are able to plan their work load. We need to teach them how to prioritize tasks and activities, how to schedule time for each task in a week's time period (for example), and how long it takes on average for certain types of assignments or projects to be completed. If we don't teach our students these skills they will never become independent learners because there will always be something else that needs doing instead of focusing on the assignment at hand.

The third step in making our students more self-directed is by teaching them how to manage their time effectively so they are able to complete tasks within given deadlines without feeling rushed or overwhelmed. Students need to learn how much time it takes them individually when working alone versus working collaboratively with others; this way we can set realistic expectations regarding the amount of work each student should be expected to do during any given class period (or day).

The fourth step is helping students develop effective learning strategies such as taking notes while listening, summarizing what was learned at the end of a unit or lesson, using mnemonics (e.g., rhymes) when trying to memorize facts and concepts, making connections between new information with things they already know etcetera.

In short, if we want our students to become lifelong learners then we need them to develop a sense of agency over their own learning by developing these four steps: 1) knowing the difference between learning and studying; 2) organizing oneself so that one can plan his/her work load effectively; 3) managing time effectively so that he/she does not feel rushed or overwhelmed when working on assignments/projects etcetera; 4) developing effective learning strategies such as taking notes while listening, summarizing what was learned at the end of a unit or lesson etcetera.

The following research article was published in Psychological Science, Vol. 26, No. 9, September 2015 by Cepeda, J.F., Pashler, H.M., Vul, E., Wixted, J.T. & Rohrer, D. The role of deliberate practice in the acquisition of expert performance: A critical review.

This article is an overview and critical discussion of several studies conducted by numerous researchers about learning strategies (also referred to as effective memory techniques) and their use in academic environments. It was found that in order to be successful at remembering information, it’s important not only for students to remember facts but also for them to understand the concepts behind these facts. When learning a new concept or idea, it is essential that learners think about what they are doing rather than just memorising it without understanding it.

Another key finding was that when using mnemonics (memory techniques), people tend to remember more information than if they didn’t use them at all. Mnemonics can be thought of as shortcuts which make learning easier because they help us retrieve information from our memories faster and more efficiently than without using these methods (Cepeda et al., 2015).

Another study mentioned by the authors was conducted by Pashler et al., where participants were asked to learn a list of 10 words. Some participants were taught to use mnemonics, while others weren’t given any instructions on how to remember these words better than those who didn’t receive any guidance whatsoever (Pashler et al., 2014). It was found that both groups performed equally well after practising with different lists of 10 words over several days, but when it came down to testing each other’s ability on the original list used during training sessions, those who were taught mnemonic techniques had significantly better scores than those who weren’t taught anything at all (Cepeda et al., 2015).

This assignment requires you to compose an essay of about 700-1,000 words that addresses a specific issue or question related to the course material. In addition, your essay will incorporate at least two readings from the Learning Theories book and must use in-text citations (APA format). Your essay should be written in paragraph form, with each new paragraph addressing a different issue, point, or idea. Please make sure you follow the guidelines for the essay assignment.

Instructions:

The following is the prompt for the essay. As a part of your submission, you must also post a short introduction to the topic that is being addressed in the essay. The introduction should be 3-5 sentences and not count towards the total word count of your essay (it should just give some context). Please make sure you follow these instructions and use your creativity in addressing the prompt.

A good argument has three main parts: a claim, support for the claim, and an inference drawn from the claim. The support for the claim should be strong enough to justify drawing a particular conclusion. A “good” claim is supported by sufficient evidence; “stronger” support includes additional evidence. Likewise, stronger claims are those that are supported by evidence of greater weight (or stronger).

The Instructor’s Perspective:

An argument might begin with an idea that at first glance seems sound, but later in the essay, the reader realizes there is not enough evidence to support such a conclusion. Perhaps you have heard people say, “You don’t really believe that,” or “I guess I never thought about it like that.” This reaction can happen when readers notice weaknesses in your argument. For example, one student may argue that her dog should be allowed to sleep in bed with her because she has read about the health benefits of having dogs sleep with their owners. While this claim is true, it is not enough to justify drawing a particular conclusion, especially if her reader is an animal lover who prefers cats and would love nothing more than to have one sleep with him. A stronger argument will include evidence that would help convince her reader—evidence such as the fact that dogs are proven to be loyal companions and do not bite their owners as often as they do strangers or other animals.