China has become a key part of the global supply chain for many goods sold in America, particularly high-tech ones. It has done so by developing a system that can assemble large volumes of components, often from other countries, into finished products and ship them around the world at great speed and low cost.

The result is a system that is both complex and resilient to change. When trade tensions flared up between America and China in 2018, for example, many companies started looking elsewhere to source components. Yet they did not stop shipping finished goods from China to the United States. “That’s because of how much time it takes to build the relationships with suppliers and change manufacturing processes,” says Kevin Lyons, an analyst at Macquarie, a financial-services firm.

China also benefits from having low labour costs, which means it can manufacture many goods more cheaply than other countries. In addition, its vast size makes it easy to move raw materials around the country and transport finished products to the coast for export. These advantages were hard won. For years Chinese exporters worked to convince the world that they could be trusted to deliver high-quality goods at low cost. As the country’s manufacturing prowess has grown, China has become a key part of the global supply chain.

America’s new rules will make it harder for companies to operate in China, as well as forcing them to change their global sourcing networks. This will be most visible on Apple’s products. The iPhone 12 contains more than 200 components, only a few of which are produced by Apple itself. Apple’s manufacturing partner Foxconn relies heavily on suppliers from China, Taiwan and Japan for most of the rest. If these component makers cannot produce their parts in China they will have to move them elsewhere, which could raise prices.

The effect may be even more dramatic at Huawei, a Chinese smartphone company. It does not just assemble phones; it also makes components for its handsets. This means it is one of the few manufacturers that might be able to keep producing in China without help from suppliers there. That would enable it to keep selling in America and other countries where the government has banned Huawei’s 5G equipment. But many of these goods rely on components made in America, which will make it hard for the company to build its products in China even if they are designed there.

This is also true for American companies that sell high-tech equipment into China. The new rules mean that it may become harder for them to provide their products to Chinese customers or those around the world that use Chinese components. In theory, Chinese firms could replace foreign technology with local alternatives. But they will need time to do so.

America’s new rules have the power to redirect its own trade with China. But they cannot rid the entire supply chain of Chinese influence. The American government has already taken steps to reduce this exposure by buying more components from America and other countries. It hopes this will make it less vulnerable if a future conflict breaks out between Washington and Beijing.

Other countries are also looking to diversify their sources for manufactured goods. Japan, which relies on China for many parts in its own electronics industry, is one example of this shift. But they too may struggle to find suppliers able to replace the Chinese ones with whom they have worked for years. America’s new rules are an attempt to change that, and it has not been easy so far.