Lita Cabellut was born in 1961, in the city of Alcala de Henares, Spain. She currently lives in Barcelona and Paris. As a young girl she showed an early talent for drawing and painting, but her family strongly discouraged it as a career and encouraged her to attend school instead. In 1976, when Lita was 15, a tragic accident left her without the use of her right arm and hand. The doctors told her that she would never paint again. She worked hard at rehabilitation and eventually regained most of the strength in her arm, though she still has limited movement. In 1978 Lita began attending art school while continuing to rehabilitate herself physically. She spent five years there but had a difficult time finding employment after graduation. In 1984, she received a grant from the Spanish government and left for Paris where she spent several months studying the work of the old masters at the Louvre Museum. Her next stop was London where she studied at the prestigious Central School of Art and Design. In 1985 she moved back to Spain and began working as an illustrator for a newspaper in Madrid. For several years Lita worked on commercial jobs, but always dreamed of returning to painting as her main focus.
In 2000 Lita moved to Barcelona with her young son where she had time and space to fully pursue painting again. She soon found that the old wounds from her past were still open and in order to heal herself she began painting self-portraits, which she says helped her confront her fears. As she began selling more paintings, Lita’s work became increasingly personal, moving away from traditional portraiture toward a more psychological exploration of the human condition. She is now recognized as one of the most important Spanish artists working today.
She has exhibited in galleries and museums throughout Europe, the United States, Russia, China, and South Korea. Her paintings are in private collections around the world and have been featured in such publications as Vogue, Vanity Fair, Art News, The New Yorker, ARTnews and American Art Collector magazines.