For people who are physically active, maintaining a good diet is very important to make sure that you maintain the correct amount of energy. For an athlete or a physical trainer, it is essential to eat a balanced and healthy meal. However, a healthy diet doesn't have to be boring. By making some minor changes to your food habits, you can make your meals interesting as well as beneficial for your body.

It is not necessary that the only way to stay fit is by eating salads all day or sticking to bland foods. In fact, there are many foods which are delicious and healthy at the same time. There are certain things which every fitness instructor would advise you about maintaining a proper diet.

Firstly, it is very important to eat breakfast on a daily basis. Having breakfast will boost your metabolism and keep you energetic throughout the day. Eggs, whole wheat toast, fresh fruits or oatmeal are all good options for having healthy breakfast. You can have a small snack after every three hours as well.

Secondly, it is not necessary to eat only fruits for dessert. Instead of eating cakes and cookies, you can switch to smoothies which contain ingredients such as yogurt, fresh fruits, milk and honey. This is an easy way to stay fit without having to give up your favourite foods. In addition to this, you should try to make healthy substitutions when cooking. You can replace butter with olive oil and use whole grains for preparing bread.

Finally, it is important to eat a variety of foods everyday so that your body gets the right amount of nutrition. You should also drink plenty of water to stay hydrated. In short, there are many ways by which you can enjoy good food while staying healthy and fit at the same time.

# What Florida Law Requires Health Care Providers To Make Medical Records Available To Patients?

The health care provider has a duty to make the patient’s medical record available for the patient’s inspection and copying, except when: the requested information does not exist; the requested information is too voluminous; or the requested information cannot be produced because it would substantially interfere with the proper treatment of another patient.

In addition to the foregoing, Florida statutes provide that a health care provider may impose reasonable restrictions on a patient’s access to his/her medical records if:

- The record is being used for an administrative purpose (e.g., insurance reimbursement); or
- The records are maintained in a medium other than paper format and the patient agrees in writing to receive copies of records in another format.

The health care provider may not charge a reasonable fee for providing the first 35 pages of medical record requested by the patient. For each page after the first 35, the patient must be charged the actual cost of copying and mailing, or other distribution.