[RESEARCH]Acknowledge how Orientalist discourse has been historically deployed in the West to consolidate political power, and how this has shaped our contemporary understanding of the East.
Although many have attempted to establish an academic framework through which we can study Orientalism, few have managed to pin down a succinct definition of the term. In his landmark work Orientalism, Said writes that “Orientalism is a style of thought based upon an ontological and epistemological distinction made between ‘the Orient’ and (most of the time) ‘the Occident.’” It is therefore a way to study the East by the West, not necessarily in terms of its own existence but rather as an extension of Western culture. Although there are many ways in which Orientalism has been defined throughout history, it is perhaps most widely understood as a form of “othering.”
The discourse of Orientalism, or “the Orient,” was first articulated by Edward Said in his landmark book Orientalism. In this book, he argues that the West’s perception of the East has been shaped by an ideology called Orientalism. This ideology is characterized by a number of stereotypes and prejudices about people from Eastern countries. It also serves to reinforce colonial attitudes towards these cultures and nations.
Said believes that this discourse originated with European explorers and travelers in the 17th century, who would return home after traveling through Asia and Africa with accounts of their experiences that were full of stereotypes about “exotic” people living there—stereotypes which had been shaped by colonialism. These stories helped create a framework for understanding these cultures as “different,” which led to policies like imperialism that sought to control them.
The discourse of Orientalism is not limited to the 17th century, however; it has continued throughout history up until today. In his book, Said discusses how Orientalism persists today in literature and film—for example, many Hollywood films portray Arabs as being “barbaric” or “terrorist.”
The term Orientalism is not new but was first used by Edward Said in 1978. It refers to the ways in which Westerners have historically viewed people from the Middle East and North Africa, with a focus on Islam, and how those views have shaped their perceptions of these regions as well as their policies towards them. The term Orientalism is used to describe this phenomenon because it implies that there is something “other” about Eastern culture and society—something exotic or foreign that must be understood through Western eyes.
[/RESEARCH]