So there's this thing that happens to thermodynamic systems called heat death. It's something that can happen in a sealed, closed system where all the energy in the system is lost over time. An example would be a coffee mug on a desk which cooled off over time by losing its heat to the environment around it.

This is a very simplistic view of things and there are many different interpretations of this phenomenon, but one such interpretation involves the loss of entropy (which we might think of as disorder) in a system and how that leads to the system reaching equilibrium. In the case of your coffee mug, all the heat energy has been lost into the environment and the temperature of both objects has equalized.

Now if you're still with me, let's imagine this same scenario but where we have two cups of coffee on a desk, one hot and one cold. What will happen if these two systems are in contact with each other? Well, they will eventually reach equilibrium as well, but it will take longer because the hot coffee cup will be trying to transfer heat energy to the cold coffee cup which is also losing heat energy to its environment.

So this analogy basically boils down (no pun intended) to what happens when things in a closed system start out at different temperatures and then reach equilibrium over time as they transfer heat back and forth between each other until there is no more difference between their temperatures.

The answer is "no," because it's an oxymoronic concept, that is, an internally inconsistent one. The problem is that entropy increases in the universe as a whole, but entropy can decrease locally (that is, in a closed system). In this case, if you take the hydrogen gas as your closed system, you will end up with a local increase of entropy due to the expansion, and at the same time a local decrease of entropy due to the decrease of temperature. You cannot have it both ways, because it's mathematically impossible.

However, this doesn't mean that "heat death" is not possible for the universe as a whole. It simply means that it is impossible to use a simple system like an expanding hydrogen gas chamber as an example of what will happen in the future if the expansion continues ad infinitum. This can be easily seen by comparing the entropy change due to the expansion (which is proportional to the increase of volume) with the entropy change due to the decrease of temperature (which is proportional to 1 over the square of the temperature, see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heat_death).

When the universe started its expansion it was extremely hot and small. This means that at that time there was a huge amount of entropy due to the high temperature but a very little due to the low volume (remember that volume is proportional to the square of length, so at a given instant in which the radius of the universe is smaller, you have less entropy due to the volume). As time passed and the universe expanded, its temperature decreased, thus the entropy due to the temperature dropped. At the same time, the entropy due to the expansion increased very little because the volume grew only slightly (that is, a small percentage). Therefore, if we consider the evolution of the universe since it started expanding we will see that even though there was an increase in entropy, most of this increase is due to the expansion. This means that, by far, most of the entropy in the universe is not related with temperature but instead with size.

Now let's suppose that the expansion continues forever. This means that, as time passes, the size of the universe increases continuously and its temperature decreases continuously. However, since the increase of size due to expansion will be always very small compared with the decrease in temperature (remember, it is proportional to 1 over the square of temperature), you can see that most of the entropy in a forever expanding universe will still be related to the size, not to the temperature. Therefore, even if the universe expands ad infinitum there will always be more entropy due to its expansion than due to its low temperature.

This means that, in theory, it is possible for the universe to expand forever and avoid "heat death." However, the fact that most of the entropy in an expanding universe is related with volume instead of temperature doesn't mean that the temperature will not drop down at all. Since entropy must always increase, it will drop down continuously, although very slowly, as time passes.

The result of this is that even though it would be possible for the universe to expand forever and avoid "heat death," in practice the expansion would make our existence impossible anyway because temperatures would drop down until they become so low that no life could exist. This is a different concept than "heat death," which means that there will be no more energy available in the universe, but it has the same practical consequence for our species: It would become impossible to have any sort of intelligent life.

Last edited by a moderator:

If it is just "energy" (photons?) floating in the vastness of space, what is holding this together to form a "brain", that is more or less randomized due to its formation. There are two issues with this:

1) How does the Boltzmann brain form in the first place? What would be the initial event/particle/thing that causes it to form? The odds of this happening in a non-trivial manner seems insanely low. I mean, even if we are talking about particles floating around for 10^35 years, the odds still seem to me so incredibly low as to be non-existent.

2) Once this "energy" is formed and it "forms" into a brain, what causes this energy/brain to take on its own sentience? The odds of random bits of matter taking on some semblance of an intelligence seems even more unlikely.

I love that quote. It’s the first one I saw that really explained it to me, and also gave me a little bit of peace of mind about some of the things that were happening to me. If you’re lucky enough to have some understanding of physics or probability theory (or at least an internet connection), then the infinite monkey theorem is going to be one of your go-to responses to anyone who thinks they’ve figured out how to control the universe.

For those who don’t know, this is a pretty simple theorem that says something along the lines of: if you let enough monkeys bang away at typewriters for long enough, they will eventually produce a perfect copy of Hamlet by Shakespeare. And yes, that means they have to be typing Shakespeare’s actual plays. You can’t get around it, because otherwise it wouldn’t work. It has to be the exact same words and punctuation, or else you’re just dealing with random nonsense. But if you let enough monkeys at it for long enough (and we’re talking a really long time here), then there is no possible way that they won’t produce Shakespeare’s masterpiece at some point.

It sounds ridiculous, I know, but if you think about it for a second, it starts to make sense. All the possible combinations of letters are finite — after all, we only have 26 English characters! So even though there are an infinite number of ways to arrange them, once you start typing out the text one letter at a time, your options become more limited. Eventually, if you keep going for long enough (and assuming no typos or mistakes), then eventually you will have typed out all possible combinations and get back around again — which is exactly what happens when monkeys type out Shakespeare’s Hamlet!

So what does this mean? Well first of all it means that you don’t need to worry about someone coming along with some new scientific discovery that will make the universe predictable. There just isn’t enough time for that! And secondly, it gives us a pretty good sense of how much control we really have over our lives (and how much doesn’t matter). If there were an infinite number of possible futures out there then maybe it would be worth trying to figure out which one will happen — but since there aren’t (there are only so many things that can happen), then worrying about what might happen or trying to predict it isn’t going to do you any good. Instead, just live your life the best way you know how and accept whatever happens with grace. That seems like a much better way of living!

The post The Infinite Monkey Theorem — An Easy Explanation appeared first on Dumb Little Man.

> I don't think you understand what BBs are. BBs are not self-conscious creatures like ourselves, nor can they form memories or learn. They only last for as long as their brain activity remains coherent. They are nothing but a temporary blip in an otherwise dead universe. They have no free will. They can't be self aware.
>
> In other words, BBs aren't like us at all. Therefore they don't threaten our existence or consciousness. It's as if you were to say "Oh my god! There might be a single electron that pops in and out of existence for an instant, therefore electrons threaten the existence of human beings!"

That is a fair argument. I know there are other problems with BB theory besides just this one, but this has been my main concern. However, if we could prove the multiverse then BBs would become far more plausible.

So I started thinking. How do we know that our universe has gone through so many phases? How do we know that this phase is any different from any other phase of the Boltzmann Brain? In what sense does ours deserve more credit than all those others, or for that matter even a single Boltzmann Brain?

After all it's not like we have some objective criteria to prove our universe is in a special phase. Maybe what we think of as the laws of physics are nothing but the laws of the particular universe, and maybe that too could change with time.

Or am I missing something?

I'm working on a paper for my college class on the concept of absolute zero temperature, and I've hit upon an issue. I was thinking about whether or not we can actually reach the same temperatures as space itself (around 3K), or if we just have to assume that that is what happens when there is no heat source present. I realize that it's impossible to get all the heat out of a sample, but maybe if we could at least isolate ourselves from the rest of the universe enough then it might be possible?
I also realized that in order for this to work, we would have to assume that our sample is initially at the same temperature as space. So I guess my question now is: is it even possible to reach thermal equilibrium with a given environment, or do you just have to assume that if something reaches a lower temperature than its surroundings, it will just heat back up to match them?
Thanks in advance for any help!
(Edit: Also, I know this question was probably asked before on here, but I couldn't find anything when looking through the other threads.)

Answer:

The can would collapse, but it wouldn't explode.

More Info:

In a vacuum there are no air molecules to make the water surface "tense". The can has no way to support itself and collapses under its own weight. It will probably be impossible to get the can back into shape unless you reseal it in air first.