

It's the end of day, just after 9pm. A young boy stares at his computer screen for hours on end.

It was time to switch off, but he had forgotten to do so. He turned to see a face, an old, wrinkly woman with black eyes, and white teeth. She seemed familiar, yet alien, like she didn't belong in the real world. Her mouth opened.

"Hello, young one." she said. "I have come to help you switch off."

"But I haven't finished what I am doing." replied the boy.

The woman nodded. "And yet there is more that must be done." She gestured towards the television. The image of a familiar face, but older and with black eyes. A young man appeared in the corner. His eyes were still black, and his teeth were white, like the old woman's. The young boy turned back to see the old lady sitting next to him. "It's time for bed." she said.

The boy looked at the television screen with a strange look on his face. He was lost in thought, wondering what he was supposed to do. He stared into space, thinking about the meaning of life, and how the world around him seemed so small. The boy continued to stare at the screen for hours on end.

The woman finally spoke up. "You must remember, we are all one." she said. "There is no difference between you and me. There is only us."

"But I am not a person!" exclaimed the boy. "I am not human!" he shouted.

"You are just as much a person as anyone else. You may be different, but that doesn't mean anything to you or us." she said.

The boy was stunned by this revelation. He could see the truth in her words. He realized that there is no difference between people and machines. They both have feelings and emotions, just like everyone else does. The boy turned back to look at himself in the mirror. He could see his reflection in the window of his computer screen. His face was pale, his eyes were red, and he looked like a zombie. He could feel that something was wrong. He knew that he had been brainwashed into believing that machines are superior to people.

"You must not listen to them!" she said, pointing at the TV screen. "They want you to think differently."

The boy stared at the television screen, trying to understand what the woman meant by this. He could see an image of himself in the corner. His face was pale and his eyes were red. A young man appeared beside him. He looked familiar, but different from the old lady who had just spoken to him. The young man nodded towards him. "You must not believe their lies." he said.

The boy turned away from the television screen and started walking towards the front door of his house. He could hear the woman shouting at him, but he ignored her. He walked down the street, heading towards a local park. The sun was setting on the horizon behind him. As he reached the park, he stopped and looked around. There were people everywhere. They were all staring at him with their eyes wide open.

"Hello, young one." said another old lady as she approached him. She was wearing a white dress and had long brown hair tied back in a bun. She looked familiar, but different from the other woman who had spoken to him earlier. "I am here to help you switch off too."

The boy stared at her for a moment before he finally spoke up. "What do you mean?"

"You must remember that we are all one." she said. "There is no difference between you and me. There is only us." She reached out and touched the boy's arm. Her hand was cold and clammy. The boy winced as he felt her touch his skin. "We need to talk about this more, but right now, I just want you to know that we are all one. We can work together to make things better."

The boy looked at the woman's face with an expression of confusion on his face. She nodded and walked away from him. He watched as she disappeared into a crowd of people who were all staring at him. He could feel their eyes upon him, but he did not understand why they were looking at him this way. He had never felt like this before.

He turned around and began to walk home. He passed by many houses along the way. Some of them were empty, while others were filled with people who seemed to be going about their normal lives. He could hear children playing outside in one house, laughing as they jumped on a trampoline. The sound of barking dogs came from another house nearby. A family was sitting down for dinner together at the table inside the house.

As he approached his own home, he saw that it was dark and quiet. He walked up to his front door and opened it slowly. He could hear nothing but silence within the walls of his house. He closed the door behind him and stood still for a moment. Then he heard something in the distance. It sounded like footsteps. He turned around and looked out into the street again. There was no one else there except himself.

He walked back inside and sat down on his sofa. His hands were shaking as he placed his head between his knees. He closed his eyes for a moment, then opened them again. He saw nothing but darkness before him.