(The following is a short story by author D.M. Cain, based on the above prompt.)

He could feel the eyes burning into him. It had become something of a habit now; every time he visited a shop or a pub or any place where people gathered, they would watch his hands, trying to determine what he was doing with them. They would look at his fingers, which were curled inward on himself. They would examine the dark markings that lined his wrists and ran upwards toward his elbows.

It wasn’t as if they didn’t have reason to be curious about him; after all, he was a mage. Not only that, but he was a member of the Order of Mages and, as such, had been trained by some of the most powerful men and women in the entire kingdom. But he did not appear like any other member of the Order.

“Why?” they would ask him, even when he made it clear that he did not wish to answer. “What are you doing? Do you know what your hands look like?”

He never knew quite what to tell them; he had no idea why his hands were shaped like they were or why the markings adorned them. He knew that he had been born with this condition, but even he had no memory of it having occurred before then. The Order’s only explanation was that a freak accident had somehow occurred during his birth and that the marks were some kind of magical anomaly that would prevent him from casting any spells.

“So you can’t do magic?” they would ask, in tones that ranged from disbelieving to contemptuous. He could not help but feel insulted by their attitude toward him; he had never done anything to warrant such treatment and yet here he was, being looked upon as some kind of freak or monster simply because his hands were shaped differently than those around him.

“I can do magic,” he would try to tell them, “but I cannot cast spells directly.”

This was usually where they would stop and stare at him with confusion on their faces before walking away to gossip among themselves about how strange this mage was.

He had never understood why the Order of Mages chose to accept him as one of its own if he could not perform spells. But, then again, he had never been one for questioning the decisions made by those in power. He supposed that they had simply seen something in him and decided it would be worth taking a chance on him.

It was only now that he wished they had taken more care when choosing who to let into their ranks; because here he was, stuck with this condition that nobody seemed to understand or want anything to do with him because of it. And all because someone had thought it would be funny to put a curse on his hands so that every time someone looked at them, they would see something different than what everyone else saw?

He could not help but feel sorry for himself as he walked through the streets of his village again today; there was no one who didn’t give him weird looks when he passed by, and it seemed like every single person wanted to know why his hands were shaped like that. But more than anything else, what bothered him most about being an outcast amongst his own kind was knowing that there was nothing he could do about it.

It wasn’t long before someone approached him again; this time a young boy with a mischievous grin on his face walked up to him and stared at the markings on his hands intently.

“What are those?” he asked excitedly, pointing at them with one finger as if trying not to touch them directly but wanting so desperately for answers anyway. The mage sighed; this was becoming all too common nowadays…

“Those are just scars from where I was burned by magic,” said the wizard matter-of-factly. “Nothing more than that.”

The boy looked at him with wide eyes and an even bigger grin before running off into the distance as fast as his little legs could carry him. The mage turned around to continue on his way when he felt a presence behind him; he turned around to see who had followed him now, only to find that it was none other than one of the townspeople he had seen earlier staring at him with contemptuous eyes once again…

“So what exactly are those?” asked the man gruffly, his voice filled with disdain and resentment towards anyone different from himself. The mage sighed again; how many times had this happened today alone? He knew better than most that trying to explain his condition would only get him into trouble… but he still tried anyway just because it felt like he owed these people something after all they had put him through over the years…

“I told you already,” said the wizard, “they’re just scars from being burned by magic. Nothing more than that.” The man stared at him for a moment before finally walking away as if deciding that there was no point in talking any further about it anyway; perhaps he was right… after all, what else could he say?

As the man walked away into the distance, the mage sighed once again. He knew better than anyone how hard it must be to live with a condition like this one; but at least he had never been made fun of for having it like so many other people who suffered from disabilities or deformities around him…

“I wish I could help you,” said a voice suddenly behind him. The wizard turned around to see who it was that had spoken, only to find one of the village elders standing there with an apologetic look on his face…

“We’re sorry for all we put you through over the years,” continued the old man sincerely; he paused for a moment before continuing again, “but I think we understand now that what happened was wrong.” The mage looked at him for a moment before nodding slowly. It seemed like everyone here finally understood what he had been trying to tell them all along…

“Thank you,” said the wizard, feeling both relieved and grateful at once; after so long being shunned by those around him, it was good to finally feel accepted again…

“We’ve decided that there’s no reason why we should continue treating you like this anymore,” continued the elder as he walked closer toward him slowly; he paused for a moment before continuing again, “and I believe there are still many people here who will be glad to see that change happening.” The mage nodded once more before finally turning away from them both and walking off into the distance himself…

It was only when he reached his home later that night did he realize how much weight had been lifted off of him; after years of being shunned by those around him simply because they couldn’t accept what made him different, it felt good to finally feel accepted again… but as much as it felt good now, there was still something else that bothered him…

“What if this doesn’t last?” he thought to himself as he stood there looking out at the stars above; after all, even though everyone around here seemed willing enough to accept his condition right now, what would happen if they changed their minds again in the future? Would he be back where he started then? Or worse still… could this even end up being worse than before?

He shook his head slowly as if trying hard not think about such things too much; after all there was no point dwelling on them anyway; after so long feeling like an outcast amongst everyone around him, it felt good finally feel accepted by at least some people here… but even still he couldn’t help but worry sometimes about what could happen next if this were ever taken away from him again…