(She suddenly shrieks in pain.)

Sayori: “Oh, my god! My water broke!!”

MC: “Is everything alright?”

Sayori: “No…I’m so sorry, MC. I think it’s time.” (she holds her belly as another contraction starts) “We better hurry to the hospital!”

(…and now for the rest of you:)

MC: “It’s been two months since the club ended and Sayori and I have gotten married.”

Natsuki: “Wait a minute…where’s Sayori?”

Yuri: “I honestly don’t know.” (giggles, blushing)

Monika: “She ran away with MC!” (laughing) “Good luck finding her!!”

(At the hospital)

Sayori: “Hospital!! Hospital!!”

Nurse: “Don’t worry, you’re in the right place. Now, let’s get you settled into a room.” (she wheels Sayori away) “And congratulations on the new baby!” (she smiles at MC) “He looks excited too, doesn’t he?”

MC: “Thank you so much.” (I smile at the nurse)

Nurse: “Now, this is what I call a ‘baby bump’, isn’t it? You look like you’re about ready to pop!”

MC: “She’s not exactly my daughter…”

Nurse: “Oh? Is she your stepdaughter?” (she points at the door where Sayori disappeared)

MC: “Uh, no.” (I hesitate) “Not quite like that.”

(Suddenly, the door opens and there’s a commotion. A nurse is pushing an incubator out of the room…and it’s not empty.)

Nurse: “Congratulations! You have a beautiful baby girl!” (she points to me) “And who does she belong to?”

MC: “Uh, well…I don’t really know. I just met her recently.”

Nurse: “Well, I can tell you this: she is your daughter by blood.”

MC: “What do you mean?”

(The nurse opens the incubator and there’s my baby girl. She has Sayori’s brown hair with MC’s eyes.)

Nurse: “She’s a full-blooded Kurokawa, and she just inherited your family name.” (she holds up some papers) “Here’s her birth certificate. It says ‘Kurokawa’. And here’s a letter from the doctor. I think it’s addressed to you, MC.”

(I take the letter.)

MC: “Dear MC and Sayori…” (my heart starts beating faster) “Congratulations on your new baby girl! She has a beautiful name: Sachiko. It means ‘lucky child’. I hope she lives up to her name, but in any case, you two have given me one of the greatest gifts of my life.”

Nurse: “Here’s what I can tell you: Sachiko is a lucky baby who has been blessed with love and joy. She’s a child who will bring happiness to everyone she meets, so please make sure she grows up in a safe and loving home.”

(I put down the letter as tears stream down my face.)

MC: “Thank you, nurse. I’ll do my best.” (I give her a hug)

Nurse: “Congratulations!” (she gives me a warm smile)

MC: “Thank you…”

(Suddenly, Sayori is wheeled back into the room.)

Natsuki: “You’re finally here, MC! I was worried about you!”

Yuri: “Oh, Sayori! You’ve been gone for so long!” (she runs up and hugs her)

Monika: “I know how you feel.” (she walks over to me) “You two look really happy…but who is this?”

(Sachiko, my baby girl, starts crying.)

MC: “Oh, that’s my daughter. Her name is Sachiko, but she likes to be called ‘Chiky’. She just inherited my family name.” (I hold her close) “It’s been a crazy couple of months…but I wouldn’t trade it for the world.”

(I give her a kiss.)