This is one of those topics where I was thinking about it for days on end before posting. There are multiple answers to this question, but none of them are easy and simple.

First off, let me start with Demon Slayer. The manga and anime series was originally called Kimetsu no Yaiba (translated as Blood Demon's Sword), which is a reference to the sword used by Tanjiro's father, but since that's just too long to say, it was changed to the current name, which is translated into English as Demon Slayer.

Demon Slayer follows the story of Tanjiro Kamado, who lives with his family and his sister Nezuko in the mountains outside of a fictional town called Yoshiwara. One day, he returns home to find that every member of his family has been killed by demons, but before the last demon could finish him off, Nezuko had become a demon herself, but only a demon with some sort of humanity left in her, and she was able to stop it from killing Tanjiro. Tanjiro vows to make Nezuko human again, so he leaves their home to find the Demon Slayer Corps and join them so he can use his swordsmanship skills to fight the demons that killed his family and find a way to reverse Nezuko's demon transformation.

Demon Slayer is based off of Japanese folklore, specifically the tale of the Nue (a half-human, half-cat creature with wings), which is why the Rising Sun flag on the back of Tanjiro's earrings have a cat motif. The series was first released in 2016 as a one-shot manga series and was so well received that it turned into a full series, which has been running since then. It became such a hit that the author, Koyoharu Gotouge, passed away before he could finish it (he did leave some notes for his editors to complete it), but it was completed in 2020 and went on to become one of the best selling manga series of all time. The anime series has been running since April 2019 and is still running today.

Due to its popularity, Tanjiro's hanafuda earrings became a popular item for fans to get, as they were inexpensive (only around $7-8) and could be bought from several retailers, both online and offline (I got mine at Anime Expo 2019). However, in June of this year, the official Twitter account for Demon Slayer apologized to fans for their earrings having a similar design to the Rising Sun flag and that they would be redesigned. The reason for this was due to some Japanese history experts on twitter pointing out how the rising sun motif on the back of the hanafuda is very similar to the Rising Sun flag, which is seen as a symbol of imperialism, militarism, and Japan's invasion of China during WWII.

Now let's talk about Golden Kamuy. The anime and manga series follows Sugimoto Saichi, an ex-Imperial Japanese Army soldier who fought in the Battle of Okinawa as a member of the 106th Infantry Regiment. During this battle, he lost his comrades and was forced to desert from the army so that he could go home, but on his way back home, he came across a man named Shiraishi who tells him about an incredible treasure known as "Golden Kamuy", which is supposedly buried somewhere in Hokkaido. The catch is that the map leading to the location of Golden Kamuy was given to the Ainu people by the Imperial Japanese Army during WWII and they have since then been keeping it secret so that no one else can find the treasure. So Sugimoto goes on a journey through the mountains of Hokkaido in order to get to the location where the map is kept, but he soon runs into some trouble when he encounters Shiraishi's rival, Asirpa, and her grandfather Tsurumi.

Golden Kamuy was first released as a manga series in 2014 and has since then become one of the most popular manga series in Japan. The anime series adaptation began airing on April 11th this year, but it is still ongoing today. Unlike Demon Slayer, Golden Kamuy did not receive any controversy over its usage of the Rising Sun flag. Why? Well, for starters, the usage of the Rising Sun flag in Golden Kamuy does not have the same meaning as in Demon Slayer. The reason why is because Sugimoto Saichi was a member of the Imperial Japanese Army and fought in WWII, so it makes sense that he would be using the Rising Sun flag as his unit's symbol (in the manga, it's revealed that the 106th Infantry Regiment was known as "The Rising Sun Regiment").

In addition to this, Golden Kamuy also has a large cast of characters who are members of the Imperial Japanese Army and some of them were even officers during WWII. So when the anime first started airing, people didn't really see anything wrong with its usage of the Rising Sun flag, since it was just part of Sugimoto Saichi's background as an ex-Imperial Japanese Army soldier. However, in recent weeks, some people have been bringing up that the usage of the Rising Sun flag is still problematic due to Japan's past during WWII.

But what makes Golden Kamuy different from Demon Slayer? Well, for one thing, Golden Kamuy was released before Demon Slayer and has been running longer than it (it started airing in 2014 while Demon Slayer didn't start airing until April of this year). So if you look at both series as a whole, then it's easy to see that Golden Kamuy is the older one out of the two. In addition to this, Golden Kamuy has been running for longer than Demon Slayer, so there have been more episodes and chapters released in order to explain things like Sugimoto Saichi's background as an ex-Imperial Japanese Army soldier fighting in WWII (in Demon Slayer's case, Tanjiro's father was killed by demons that attacked their house at night while he slept next to Nezuko).

Another reason why Golden Kamuy is different from Demon Slayer is because Golden Kamuy has a much larger cast of characters, many of whom were members of the Imperial Japanese Army during WWII. This is another reason why people didn't really see anything wrong with the usage of the Rising Sun flag in Golden Kamuy, since it was just part of their background as ex-Imperial Japanese Army soldiers and officers during WWII.

Now let's talk about Demon Slayer. The main reason why Demon Slayer got criticized over its use of the Rising Sun flag is because Tanjiro's hanafuda earrings have a similar design to it, which some people saw as being disrespectful towards Japan's past during WWII (since the rising sun motif on the back of the hanafuda is very similar to the Rising Sun flag). However, since Golden Kamuy has been running longer than Demon Slayer and has a larger cast of characters who are members of the Imperial Japanese Army and some of them were even officers during WWII (in addition to Sugimoto Saichi being an ex-Imperial Japanese Army soldier), people didn't really see anything wrong with Golden Kamuy's usage of the Rising Sun flag.

The other reason why Demon Slayer got criticized over its use of the Rising Sun flag is because it was only revealed after the series had already been running for several years. In contrast, Golden Kamuy has always used the Rising Sun flag since the beginning, so people didn't really see anything wrong with it and just saw it as part of Sugimoto Saichi's background as an ex-Imperial Japanese Army soldier who fought in WWII (in addition to some other characters being members of the Imperial Japanese Army).

So while Demon Slayer was criticized over its use of the Rising Sun flag, Golden Kamuy wasn't because it had been using it since the beginning and people didn't really see anything wrong with it. However, in recent weeks, some people have brought up that the usage of the Rising Sun flag is still problematic due to Japan's past during WWII, so now it seems like Golden Kamuy may also get criticized over its use of the Rising Sun flag as well (although this has yet to happen).

So what do you think? Do you agree that Demon Slayer was criticized for its use of the Rising Sun flag because it only used it recently, while Golden Kamuy wasn't criticized because it had been using it from the beginning and people didn't really see anything wrong with it? Or do you think that both series should be criticized equally because they both used the Rising Sun flag in some way? Let me know your thoughts in the comments below!

Thank you for reading this post. If you enjoyed it, please consider sharing it on social media or leaving a comment below. I appreciate all of my readers and followers.

I find it odd that "Ranking of Kings" is getting so much criticism over their depiction of Japan's occupation of Korea (with a fictional location) yet there was no controversy for "Golden Kamuy" and how the show depicts Japan's occupation of Sakhalin.