

It's the middle of the night, and Vanessa can feel something trickling down her legs. She wonders if it's just another one of those horrible nightmares she's been having lately, but it isn't long before she realizes that it is something else entirely - her water has broken!

Vanessa is horrified; what if the baby comes right now? She rushes downstairs to wake up her parents so they can drive her to the hospital. Her mother wakes up at once and immediately goes into panic mode, trying to find out what's wrong with Vanessa while also calling for help.

As soon as everyone is in place, Vanessa is taken away from home by ambulance. The ride is long and bumpy but thankfully it's over quickly enough - at least for her mother who falls asleep on the way back home.

Vanessa feels relieved when they arrive at the hospital where she'll be able to stay until morning - she hopes that everything will turn out well!

"No," he said as he grabbed her hand. "You know what I want."

"But you can't be serious," Vanessa said. She started shaking her head violently, trying to get him off of her. He grabbed her arms and held them down on the table next to her. His eyes were wide, his mouth open as he stared at her with a mixture of lust and longing.

"It's been two weeks," he said. "You know what I want."

Vanessa closed her eyes and shuddered. She tried to remember when she first met him, but she couldn't. Her thoughts were too jumbled. The only thing that seemed clear was that he had always wanted her. When they'd first started seeing each other, it hadn't been a big deal. But over time, his desires became more and more intense. She knew what he wanted, but she didn't understand why.

"You know I can't," she said. "It's too dangerous."

He smiled at her, showing off the sharp fangs in his mouth. His eyes burned with hunger. "I don't think so."

Vanessa opened her eyes and stared up at him. She tried to remember why he had been so interested in her. She knew that she was a vampire hunter, but she couldn't recall what she had done to make him so mad. Maybe it was because she had killed his sister.

"I don't know what you're talking about," she said. "You need to leave."

He smiled again and nodded. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a silver cross. He pressed it against Vanessa's throat. She tried to move away, but he held her down with one hand while holding the other hand firmly over her mouth.

"I thought you knew better than this," he said. "You should have kept your eyes on the road."

Vanessa closed her eyes and squeezed them shut tight. Her mind was racing, trying to figure out what to do. She knew she had to escape, but there was no way she could move without being caught. And if he found out who she really was...