It was a nice sunny day and I decided to go to the beach. When I arrived at the beach, there were so many people. It was very crowded! I found a spot where I could put my mat, and I was going to sit on it.

But then something horrible happened! There was a man right in front of me. He had a big belly. His belly was blocking my view of the beach! So, I did what anybody would do. I just picked up his belly and moved it out of my way! But when I looked behind me, there were five more people with big bellies too!

So then I decided to move again, but as soon as I started moving the first belly, another big belly popped up in front of me! I tried to pick up that one, but it was very heavy. And guess what? As soon as I moved it out of my way, there were five more people behind me with big bellies!

It’s really hard to find a good spot at the beach!

The morning sun shines brightly.
The air smells like salt and fish, and is filled with seagulls’ cries.
Strombilia sits on a blanket on the beach, writing down her thoughts in her notebook.
A young man approaches Strombilia and asks “What are you writing?”
“I am writing my life story.” Strombilia replies.
The young man looks at Strombilia with surprise and says “You are too young to have a life story!”
Strombilia looks up from her notebook and smiles “But I have already lived through a lot in just a few years of my life!”
“What are some of the things that have happened to you?” The young man asks curiously.
Strombilia takes a deep breath, closes her eyes and begins to recount some of her experiences.
“I grew up in a small fishing village by the sea.” Strombilia starts. “We didn’t have much, but I had a happy childhood playing with my friends on the beach. One day, I was playing on the pier when suddenly a storm hit. The waves were so strong that they carried me out to sea! I thought I was going to drown, but then a dolphin came and rescued me! It pushed me back to shore and saved my life.”
The young man is amazed by this story. “Wow, that’s incredible!” He says with excitement in his voice.
Strombilia smiles modestly “It was quite an adventure.”
“I also had an encounter with a mermaid one day.” She continues. “I was swimming in the ocean when I saw something moving under the water. It turned out to be a mermaid! She gave me a beautiful pearl and then disappeared back into the sea.”
The young man’s eyes widen at this news. “A mermaid gave you a pearl? That’s amazing!”
Strombilia nods “Yes, it was quite a magical moment.”
“And one last thing that happened to me is that I once got stuck in quicksand on my way home from the beach.” Strombilia finishes. “I thought I would never be able to get out, but luckily a group of dolphins came and rescued me! They pushed me out of the sand and helped me back to shore.”
The young man is impressed by all these stories. “So you see? You do have a life story, even if you are still quite young!” He says with a smile on his face.
Strombilia nods in agreement. “Yes, I guess you’re right.” She replies with a laugh.

One day, Strombolia went to the beach. She brought her cat with her, because she had nothing else better to do. The cat’s name was Rufus. They walked down the boardwalk, and it started to rain. They got drenched! Strombolia then noticed that all of the kids were playing on the playground. So they went there. On the way to the playground, she saw an ice cream stand, but she didn’t get anything because she was too scared of ants, which made her nervous. When they got to the playground, she started jumping around like a monkey. The kids were all laughing at her because they thought that she was a clown. After she stopped jumping around and calmed down, she went to go find Rufus because he had gone somewhere else! She found him in some trees, just relaxing with his eyes closed. When she called out for him, he jumped into the air like a rocket ship! Then he started running really fast. They ended up meeting back at Strombolia’s house. That was the end of Strombolia and Rufus’s story.

[MORAL]Be careful where you go![/MORAL]