Alright, so we have a megapolis that has been overgrown and is shaped by the forces of complex systems theory.

I think it would be interesting to have an area of the city where there are no people or buildings. In fact, nothing artificial at all. Maybe even some ruins? Just a giant park for nature. This place might be full of flora and fauna, both commonplace and strange.

Maybe this place is just a forest with a road running through it. There could be many roads like this throughout the city, giving access to green spaces in the city. These roads have been slowly reclaimed by nature, but are still passable. This could be the result of a deliberate initiative by the government or people living in the city. Maybe they think that it would be nice to have more open space and fresh air, or maybe they want to get closer to nature and see how plants grow and animals live. Or maybe this is just what happens when you don’t maintain your roads properly; over time trees will start growing on them until eventually they become overgrown forests full of all sorts of weird creatures!

These roads may also be used by people who want to escape from their lives for a while—to get away from the hustle and bustle of everyday life. They might even use these roads as places where they can relax or meditate without being bothered by other people’s noise pollution (though this will vary depending on how busy these areas are).

I live in the Bronx. It has been my home for 30 years. When I was younger, the place was pretty rough. The city was starting to rebuild it's schools. The buildings were falling apart, and there were a lot of "no good" kids running wild around here. But then they started fixing the buildings up, and things got better. Now the Bronx is one of the best places in NYC to live in. It is not as bad as it used to be, but it has had some problems over the years.

The history of my town dates back to before the Civil War. At first it was just a small town called "Bronxville". The name "New York City" did not come about until 1898 when the city merged with other surrounding towns. It took about fifty years for NYC to get to this size and shape we have now, and there are still many problems in our cities today that make them bad places to live or visit.

I was born here, and I love it here! But I don't think anyone can deny the fact that we need more police officers on patrol and more security cameras around town. We also need better education for our kids so they know how important it is to go to school everyday instead of skipping out like a lot of them do these days. If you ask any parent about what they want for their children, I'm sure most of them will say something along the lines of "I just want my child to be safe and happy when he/she grows up!" Well if that's true then why aren't there more police officers patrolling our streets?

1. The Empire: In a bid to centralise power, the Emperor enforced an edict forcing all noble families to resettle in the capital of Imperia. These nobles brought their retainers with them, as well as all manner of specialists that served the nobility (scientists, artisans, guardsmen, etc).
2. The Church: The city’s central cathedral was built on an ancient holy site and it became a place of pilgrimage for the faithful. Devout lay-folk would flock to the Cathedral during their pious pilgrimages, which also boosted local trade, as they were expected to spend some money while in town.
3. The Merchant Guilds: In addition to attracting business from pilgrims and the nobility, several of the city’s merchant guilds had headquarters in Imperia (notably the Weavers and Spinners), which also attracted their workers. The city became a thriving centre of commerce and industry as a result.
4. The Military: As part of the Empire’s plan to control the city, Imperial garrisons were established here (and other major cities), ostensibly for defensive purposes. These garrisons were often quartered in disused noble buildings, which attracted all manner of riff-raff and criminals who took advantage of the weakened defenses.
5. The Slavers: The Empire had always been a slaveholding society. Once slavery was banned within its borders, slavers started operating from outside of the city. They used the old Imperial ports for their operations, which led to an influx of new workers and trade.
6. The Criminals: With so many different factions converging in one place, it was inevitable that crime would flourish in Imperia. Thieves, assassins, smugglers and other malefactors were drawn to the city like flies to a corpse. They preyed on each other as well as their more legitimate neighbours.
7. The Common People: Attracted by all these various factions, the city swelled in size and population. Most of its people eked out a living in the crowded tenements that sprouted up like fungi beneath Imperia’s walls. They had little power or influence but were willing to fight for it if given half a chance.