[CHAT]
Naruto: "Hai! I'm here, Neera-Chan." He said as he ran towards the treehouse. He had seen it before and was used to the area. Naruto noticed that the tree house was completely destroyed when he saw it from a distance. When he entered the remains of it he saw the Proto Pincer that Lilac had been chasing earlier and Carol had also chased, as well as Lilac herself. The creature looked at him and let out an angry roar before charging straight for him!
Naruto: "Hmmm... Not sure how this creature is going to turn out in a fight!" He said while dodging its attack. Naruto noticed the Proto Pincer was pretty fast, but not as fast as his speed with the Kyuubi chakra in his body. "Time for some jutsu!" He yelled before making the ninja stars appear on each of his hands and throwing them at the robot.
Naruto: "Junsho no Jutsu." He said as he began to use his chakra to manipulate the speed of the ninja stars. The Proto Pincer noticed this and fired its cannon straight at him!
Naruto: "Chidori! Shoten!" He yelled as he sent two lightning bolts at the robot. Both struck it right in the face, knocking it back a few meters. Naruto then rushed towards it and kicked it several times to try and finish it off before running over to Lilac's tree house.
Naruto: "Mizu no Jutsu!" He said as he formed a water ball from his hands. When the water had taken shape, Naruto sent it flying at the Proto Pincer before it could get up again and destroy any remaining parts of the treehouse. The creature tried to dodge but wasn't fast enough. It got hit right in the center and exploded on impact!
Naruto: "It's gone... What a weird robot." He said as he walked towards the remains of it, noticing that Lilac had already left before looking around for anything else that could be used to make a weapon. When he was done with the searching he turned to see Milla and Carol come out of the other side of the treehouse.
Naruto: "Hey there!" He said as he walked towards them. "I'm Naruto Uzumaki, but you can call me Naru for short! I heard that Neera-chan was here looking for you? Is she around?" He asked while looking at Carol and Lilac with a smile on his face.

Carol: "Huh? Neera?" She said as she looked around before shrugging. "I don't think so." She said.
Naruto: "Aahh, it was probably just my imagination then." He said while looking at Lilac who seemed to be thinking about something. "Are you alright, Lilac-chan?" Naruto asked as he walked towards her. When he got closer he noticed that she looked worried and a little tired. "I'm fine." She said after a brief moment of silence before looking up at Naruto with a smile on her face.
Naruto: "Wow! You seem like you have something important to tell us but are holding it back for some reason." He said as he noticed that Carol was also staring at her with a serious expression on her face.
Lilac: "Uh... I guess I do." She said before taking a deep breath and sighing heavily. "Alright, here goes nothing..." She said with a small smile on her face. "I don't think we should stay in this place any longer. There are too many robots around it seems."
Naruto: "You mean those things that were attacking us earlier?" He asked while looking back at the remains of the Proto Pincer. When Lilac nodded, he continued. "Yeah I agree with you there... They're kinda creepy and look like they can be dangerous if we run into them again."
Carol: "Wait, what about my treehouse?!" She said with a worried expression on her face. "I think I saw someone moving around inside of it just now! It could have been one of those robots too!" She added after seeing that Lilac had started to walk away from them.
Naruto: "Alright, let's go check it out then." He said as he ran off in the direction of Lilac who was already running ahead towards Milla's lab. Carol followed behind him but stayed close enough so they wouldn't lose track of each other if anything happened along the way.
Lilac: "Hai, Milla-chan!" She said when she reached the entrance to her laboratory. When she looked back at them both she saw that they had stopped outside the door, looking at her with a puzzled expression on their faces. "What is it?" Lilac asked as she walked over towards them while wiping away some tears from her eyes.
Carol: "Lilac-chan? Are you alright?" She asked after seeing how emotional she was acting right now.
Lilac: "I'm fine..." She said before noticing that Carol and Naruto were both staring at her with worried expressions on their faces. "What's wrong?" She asked them again.
Naruto: "Well, it seems like something happened to you just now." He said while looking at the tears in her eyes. Lilac nodded without saying anything else before walking away from them into her laboratory, leaving Carol and Naruto to follow after her. Once they were all inside of Milla's lab, she noticed that there was someone sitting on one of the chairs near a desk.
Lilac: "Neera-chan?" She asked when she saw who it was. When Neera turned around and looked at them with a serious expression on her face, Lilac got even more worried about what had happened earlier in her treehouse because of how serious Neera seemed right now.
Naruto: "I'm not sure why you are acting so seriously, but if it has anything to do with me then I can try my best to explain it." He said while looking at Lilac who was still staring at him with a puzzled expression on her face. "I think I may have seen the girl that was living in your treehouse earlier today before we ran into those robots, but don't worry about her anymore because she's gone now...
Carol: "Wait, what happened?" She asked after seeing Lilac get even more upset at hearing what Naruto had just said to them both. "Neera-chan? Can you explain this to us?" She added while looking over at Neera who was still staring at them with a serious expression on her face.
Naruto: "Well... I think that girl must have been attacked by one of those robots earlier today because there were some robot parts laying around inside of Lilac's treehouse and she also had a large wound on her arm." He said as he looked at them with an apologetic expression on his face before continuing.
Naruto: "Anyways, we are going to leave now so let's get out of here while we still can!" He said while rushing over towards Lilac who was standing up from her chair after hearing what Naruto had just told her about the girl that used to live in her treehouse earlier today.
Carol: "Wait... Where are you going?" She asked after seeing both Lilac and Neera running off into different directions of the lab as fast as they could.
Naruto: "We're leaving this place! I don't think it will be safe for us here anymore!" He said with a worried expression on his face before turning around to follow after them.
Carol: "But Neera-chan was supposed to give me more details about the mission!" She yelled out loud after seeing both Lilac and Neera run off into different directions of Milla's lab without giving her any explanation for leaving so suddenly like this.
Naruto: "Yeah, I guess you can ask her when we meet up with them again." He said while looking over at Carol who was standing in the same place as before after hearing what he had just told her about not seeing Neera anymore because of how fast she ran off earlier on without explaining anything to them.
Lilac: "Naruto-kun? Do you want to join me in my quest?" She asked while looking back at him with a serious expression on her face after seeing that Carol was still standing there staring at her with an angry look on her face.
Naruto: "Sure, I'll join you!" He said with a big smile on his face before turning around and rushing over towards the entrance of Milla's lab so he could follow her into whatever place she was going to next because it sounded like there might be something important waiting for them inside if Lilac wanted him to come along with her.
Carol: "Wait... Why do you want me to join your quest?" She asked after seeing both Naruto and Lilac disappear into the dark hallway that led out of Milla's lab before following right behind them into whatever place it was they had gone off to next without even telling her what they were doing or where they were going.
Naruto: "Well, since you are the only one here who isn't an adventurer like us and since

[MILL]"Hey, this guy looks kinda familiar...!"[/MILL]

[NBZ]Lilac: "Well, she's definitely a fighter. She's tougher than I expected."[/NBZ]

[COR]Corazon: "...So, you're the one behind this, huh? The thief."[/COR]

[NBZ]Milla: "I think she's the one who had our stuff stolen in the first place..."[/NBZ]

The day that the world found out about the existence of ninja is a day that will be remembered for all time. The three countries, Earth Country, Water Country and Wind Country, have been fighting in wars with each other over land and resources, but now it has all changed thanks to the power of these mysterious warriors called “ninja”.

Naruto Uzumaki is a young boy who dreams of becoming the world’s strongest ninja. He lives in a village hidden in the mountains known as Konohagakure (Leaf Village). It was here that he met his best friends: Sasuke and Sakura, two orphans whose parents were killed by an unknown enemy called “Madara”. Madara wants to rule over all of the land using ninja techniques which can manipulate matter or even space itself!

Naruto wants nothing more than to be able protect his friends from this evil man so he trains harder than anyone else in hopes of being strong enough one day soon…

Naruto and Sasuke are both from different villages but they met each other when they were young children because their parents died fighting against the same enemy called “Madara”. Naruto wants nothing more than to be able protect his friends from this evil man so he trains harder than anyone else in hopes of being strong enough one day soon…

Narutos Story: The first time we see Naruto is when he’s still just a little boy living with his parents in Konohagakure (Leaf Village). They’re attacked by an unknown enemy called “Madara” who wants to rule over all of the land using ninja techniques which can manipulate matter or even space itself!

The next thing we know, Naruto has grown up into a young boy with big dreams about becoming

## Introduction:

Narutos Story: The first time we see Naruto is when he’s still just a little boy living with his parents in Konohagakure (Leaf Village). They’re attacked by an unknown enemy called “Madara” who wants to rule over all of the land using ninja techniques which can manipulate matter or even space itself!

The next thing we know, Naruto has grown up into a young boy with big dreams about becoming

##