I am wondering what the safty of a spacecraft that may travel near, at, or beyond the speed of light would be when it comes to the possibility of hitting an intersteller dust partical (aka a grain of space dust).  I understand that there is alot of space between stars and nebulae.  What about the chances of collision with an object such as a space rock, metiorite, or even a grain of dust?

I have read that many of you believe that there is no shielding methodology available at all, or that a shield does not work.

While this might be true for electromagnetic waves, I assume that the question if there can be any kind of shielding against a force field is still open.

I would like to see some suggestions about what a shield could look like and how it could be built. It would also be interesting if you come up with ideas about what this shield could be made of, what it would cost and how powerful such a thing would have to be.

The first step towards finding a solution might be finding a way to generate a force field which can be used for shielding purposes.

In other words, what if you have a self-healing armor that will only stop a bullet from taking off your arm or leg, but it can't prevent a shotgun blast from blowing up the entire limb? What would happen then?

A self-healing material could theoretically work on anything, but how fast would it heal depends on a few things. If you had an actual living creature with this ability, such as Wolverine or Bane, that wouldn't be able to regenerate more than one of its appendages at a time - and even then it takes them about 30 days to regenerate their limbs. The only thing that allows them to do it so quickly is the fact that they are alive. If you had an inanimate object, like your armor or a sword or something, it would be able to heal multiple sections at once since there isn't any biological constraint, but how long would take depends on how powerful your healing factor is and what material was damaged - if someone shot your chestplate with a high-caliber bullet, for example, that hole probably wouldn't close up until the armor has had time to regrow its entirety.

In this scenario where damage isn't confined to one area (and we assume that there isn't any magical or technological means of stopping it), I think what happens is entirely dependent on whether or not there are other self-healing materials nearby when the first gets damaged. If there aren't any other materials around, then everything else will be destroyed in order for them to heal themselves as well - this could lead to a complete disaster if you're surrounded by buildings and infrastructure that need repairing right away! On the other hand if they are able to find another source of self-healing material before they run out completely (which shouldn't take too long since most living things regenerate at least some tissue), then everything should be fine - albeit with a few more holes in your armor than originally planned.

(edited by Administrator)

In a sci-fi universe with faster than light travel, having ships be able to stop and recharge their engines would seem redundant. I understand that in most cases we wouldn’t want the crew to have to go through an entire refit during each flight (especially if the ship is big), but why not allow for the ship to be able to charge its engines as needed? The same way we can now do mid-flight recharges for a battery-powered aircraft, or stop by a gas station.

It also seems unrealistic that a ship would have to slow down to such a crawl in order to dock with a space station (if the ship is big enough and/or has more than one docking port). I think there should be a way for ships of all sizes to move relatively fast while still being able to dock.

I guess you are asking about the International Astronautical Federation, IAF. But that federation was formed after Sputnik 1 was launched on October 4th, 1957. As a matter of fact, it was founded in September of 1958 by 37 space agencies from around the world as a result of that launch.
The IAF has been involved with all aspects of space exploration and use from the start including space law development.
Today, the International Space Station is owned by the ISS partners: NASA (U.S.), Roscosmos (Russia), ESA (Europe), CNSA (China) and JAXA (Japan). The IAF has not played a role in the operations of the space station but they do work closely with the partners as well as the International Space University and other organizations to educate, inform and inspire the next generation of explorers.
In my opinion, the IAF is still an important part of the international space community that is trying to encourage exploration and use of outer space by all countries in a peaceful way.
Hope this helps!

What would you as captain of the ship, if any, try to do to find out more?

If it is in Earth orbit I can imagine you getting in touch with the Space Command Center to get a rough idea where it is, but then again they will probably be doing it anyway. If it is just above the horizon and not too far away your ship might have some kind of range or maybe some form of radar, if it is further out they would need help from the ground, but getting that is another story.

If you don't know where the ship is how would you search for it? I imagine you would use the same methods as the rescue orgainisation; satellites and orbital craft. If there are no orbiting satellites you could launch your own or try to get in contact with a non-earth country that might be willing to help (I'm sure there must be some).

If you have found the ship, how would you go about checking its status? I can imagine getting some pictures from orbital cameras and maybe even some readouts, but for this I guess you need a computer and some kind of code so it can understand the information. If there are no working satellites you could send your own ships out to check, again that is a matter of finding someone willing to do it.

I think this would be much easier with an orbiter than a ship, but I don't know how you would find the orbiter and its status. If you don't know where the orbiter is or if it has power you probably couldn't send down any astronauts to check.

The craft has been found after several years of searching. The last communication from it was that it was approaching a large, uncharted planetoid. They sent back the planetoid's coordinates and then, silence. It took several years to find this planetoid in question, and only now have they finally caught up with it...