The following question should be answered in at least 150 words, with a
reference to the required reading materials. Please answer each part
separately and use appropriate headings for each part of this discussion
post.
Question 1: Which management approach(es) is/are more
appropriate for today’s managers? Please justify your view with at least TWO
arguments.
Your answers to these questions should be typed in a Word document, and
saved as a .doc or .docx file. Do not post the question as a comment; rather
use “Add Reply” button (above) to upload your answer.

# A Few Notes About the Contents of this Issue

This special issue is dedicated to the discussion of the role and function of art in the modern society. It addresses such important issues as: What is the role of art in today’s world? Does it serve any purpose? If so, what is that purpose? How does art relate to other forms of communication and expression, such as science, philosophy or religion?

In order to discuss these issues we have chosen three areas of specialization represented by our distinguished guests: contemporary visual arts, dance, and theatre. These three areas are important from the perspective of the general discourse on the role of art because they represent three major genres that can be regarded as the most significant expressions of contemporary artistic creation in a wide range of media (painting, sculpture, video, film; movement, music, dance, etc.). In addition, each area has a long tradition of theoretical and critical thought devoted to it.

In order for us to discuss these issues on an interdisciplinary level, we have invited a group of distinguished artists, theorists and critics from several disciplines who will be able to bring their own expertise in analyzing artworks within the context of the contemporary world.

We feel that this approach is important because it allows us to discuss these issues on a very fundamental level, by putting forward alternative perspectives on the meaning of art, the role of artist, and the relationship between artistic creation and other forms of communication, such as science, philosophy or religion. We believe that an interdisciplinary approach allows for a more open discussion about these issues because it provides us with new points of view on the subject from different perspectives. This in turn should help us to gain a better understanding of the role of art and its relationship to other forms of expression.

This special issue of