[B]The Balkan Peninsula is located in Southeast Europe, between the Adriatic Sea and the Black Sea. The countries that are a part of the Balkans are Albania, Bosnia & Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Greece, Kosovo, Macedonia, Montenegro, Romania, Serbia, Slovenia, Turkey (European side) and some other states. These countries have a rich history and tradition and they can be proud of the fact that most of their traditions are very old, being part of human evolution since the beginning of humanity.[/B]
[B][I]Geography[/I][/B]
The Balkan Peninsula is located in Southeast Europe, between the Adriatic Sea and the Black Sea. The countries that are a part of the Balkans are Albania, Bosnia & Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Greece, Kosovo, Macedonia, Montenegro, Romania, Serbia, Slovenia, Turkey (European side) and some other states. These countries have a rich history and tradition and they can be proud of the fact that most of their traditions are very old, being part of human evolution since the beginning of humanity.
The Balkan Peninsula is bordered by the Adriatic Sea to the west, Italy to the west (Italy is also on the European continent), by Greece and Turkey in the south and by Bulgaria in the north. The longest coast line is that of Bulgaria and it reaches 378 kilometers long.
The Balkan Peninsula is a mountainous region, which has its highest point in Mt. Musala (Bulgaria) – 2925 m. This is also the highest peak in the European part of the Balkans. The river with the longest course and flow on the peninsula is Danube River.
The Balkan Peninsula is divided into two parts – the lower and the higher one.
In the lower part of the Balkans, which occupies about half of its territory are located the following countries: Bulgaria, Greece and Romania. The higher part of the Balkans consists of mountainous territories in the central region of the peninsula and it includes Albania, Bosnia & Herzegovina, Kosovo, Macedonia, Montenegro, Serbia and Slovenia.
[B][I]Climate[/I][/B]
The climate conditions vary on different altitudes. The mountains on the Balkans are divided into two parts – high and medium ones.
On the higher mountain peaks in the north of the peninsula the temperature is below zero degrees in winter and it gets to 20-30 degrees Celsius during summer time. On the middle mountain altitudes, the temperature varies from -15 to +20 degrees Celsius on winter time, and 18 – 30 degrees Celsius on summer time.
The climate of the lower part of the Balkans is more or less the same as in other regions of Europe – the temperature in summer gets to 40-50 degrees, while in winter it falls down to -15 degrees. The precipitation is distributed evenly throughout the year and most of the rainfalls occur in winter and spring.
[B][I]Human settlements on the Balkans[/I][/B]
The human presence on the peninsula started during the Neolithic era, when there were many ancient cultures that emerged all over the Balkans. The most important ones are the following: Thracian culture in Bulgaria and Macedonia; Illyrian culture in Albania and Slovenia; Phrygian culture in modern-day Turkey and some parts of Greece and the Hellenic culture (Greek colonies).
The ancient cultures were succeeded by a number of civilizations, including: Thracians, Dacians, Illyrians, Macedonians, Greeks, Romans, Byzantines. Later on, the territory of the Balkan Peninsula was divided into many different states and empires, such as: the Ottoman Empire and the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
Nowadays, the countries that make up the Balkans are independent and they have their own national identity. They differ in culture, language, history and traditions, but they still remain a part of Europe – this is their common feature.
[B]The countries of the peninsula vary in size, population and territory. Here we will present some facts about each country.[/B]

[LIST]
1. Bulgaria – 7 million people, 110 994 km² of territory. The capital is Sofia, which has a population of 1 200 000 inhabitants. The currency in Bulgaria is the Lev (BGN), with 1 Lev being equal to 0.50 EUR or about $0.70 USD.
2. Romania – 21 million people, 238 391 km² of territory. The capital is Bucharest and it has a population of 2 156 500 inhabitants. The currency in Romania is Leu (RON), with 1 leu being equal to 0.25 EUR or about $0.40 USD.
3. Greece – 11 million people, 131 957 km² of territory. The capital is Athens and it has a population of 3 564 100 inhabitants. The currency in Greece is Euro (EUR), with 1 euro being equal to about $1.25 USD.
[/LIST]

1. How do you install a script or a module? What's the difference between a script and a module?
2. What is the difference between a custom plugin and an internal plugin? How would one be able to create such a thing?
3. I understand how to make a basic bot, but what about ones that require multiple variables? For example, say there is a script for a bot called "Jim", where Jim can talk about the weather. In this instance, there are many different phrases that Jim might say in relation to the weather ("it's hot outside" or "it's raining today"), but all of these are essentially the same thing: a request for the weather. How would I go about programming something like that?
4. I can make a bot say things, but what about making it respond in a way that is relevant to the question asked? For example, if someone says "how are you feeling today?", how would I make my bot reply with something that actually relates to how he/she feels (as opposed to just a random phrase)?
5. What are some good ways of creating different personalities for your bots? What about making them sound more human or unique?