[INSTRUCTOR]The most common form of hair dye is permanent, which has been around since ancient times. Permanent hair dyes can change the colour of your hair for up to three months by reacting with the proteins in your hair and changing them into a different colour.[/INSTRUCTOR]

I'm sorry to ask such a noobish question but I don't know where else to post it.

Thanks for any help you can offer!

- I get a 95% discount when using coupon code FALL2019 at checkout. This applies to all our products, and you can buy up to $500 worth of products per transaction.
- My experience with the site is great. They provide fast shipping, have a friendly staff, and provide great discounts!

I have had a very hard time trying to find this answer. I went to several online stores, and a few of them have a customer service page where it says they only sell the best brands that are out there. But when you look at their products, you see a lot of different companies’ names and some of those companies are not on the list of top 5 markets for men’s permanent / semi-permanent hair dye.

I am trying to find a source that would tell me what is the best brand or which company sells most of the products in these categories.

I think I need more information about the industry before I can come up with a conclusion as to who has the top 5 market share for men’s permanent / semi-permanent hair dye. Any suggestions?

What are your thoughts on this issue? Do you know where to find such information, or do you have any idea on what companies are leading in these categories?

Thanks!

I know that it is a trend that was imported from the USA, but I’m wondering about how common the use of the product is among men. My impression is that the use is lower than in other countries, like the US for example (where a significant portion of men seems to be using hair dye).

I also think it’s fair to say that hair dye has not yet become as socially acceptable as beard oils and balms are. I don’t really know much about this topic in Brazil though, so I’m interested in hearing other people’s opinions on the subject