"Oh, Natsuki! How is your homework going?" Monika asked as the supernatural girls gathered around her, excited to talk about their future babies. The clubroom was located on the roof of Yuri's house; it had a nice view and was pretty cozy, too.

"It's not due until tomorrow, so I don't have any yet," Natsuki answered honestly. She didn't want to do her homework anyway, she'd rather talk about their upcoming babies!

"Oh, you should work on it now before you forget!" Monika suggested, though she knew that was a lie as the supernatural girls talked so much about their pregnancy that Natsuki would surely remember. "You don't want to get bad grades after all this time working so hard in school. And what if you don't pass? Sayori & Yuri could go back to normal, and Monika and I might have to go to work for the rest of our lives! You can't let that happen, Natsuki."

"Oh, please!" Natsuki said. "I already got a job at a library just in case this doesn't work out. Even if we didn't pass the test, I have my plan B already." Natsuki was already planning her future as a supernatural! She also knew how hard Sayori & Yuri were working to get their diploma. Monika worked pretty hard too, but she wasn't going through any pregnancies or anything so it was easier for her.

"I see," Monika said, but she looked like she wasn't convinced that Natsuki had a plan B. "Anyway, I think we should get some more chairs to make this room even better." She suggested, since the supernatural girls met here every night and they didn't have any extra chairs in there. "Yuri & Sayori, maybe you can help me move a chair from your houses into Natsuki's house? I think it would be best if we kept it at our clubroom instead of having to go to one place every night."

"You know, this is actually a really good idea," Natsuki said. "I was thinking about having a party for my birthday, and now you could all come over!" She knew Monika would be there anyway, but she didn't want any more distractions during her party. But the supernatural girls wouldn't care - they would just be happy that Natsuki invited them to the party!

"Sounds like a plan," Sayori said. "I already have one of my friends helping me get chairs, so I think we can do this together." Yuri nodded in agreement as she took out her cell phone and dialed her friend. She quickly made plans with him for him to bring the chair over after school.

"Alright then," Natsuki said. "We'll set up the chairs tomorrow afternoon. See you later, girls!"

"Later!" Sayori & Yuri replied before they went home together to get some rest. Monika followed behind them to help out with whatever they needed. They had been spending so much time with Natsuki that she felt like she was part of their family too!