People nowadays often follow diets and do regular exercises in order to live a long and healthy life. There are various factors that cause people to choose this lifestyle. Furthermore, there are many ways to promote healthy eating and exercising habits for the population. I will discuss these factors in the following paragraphs.

On the one hand, with the advent of social media, the public has access to information about nutrition and health. For example, television shows, advertisements and internet articles have all been popular channels which promote this kind of lifestyle. This trend can be seen as positive because people are able to know what foods they should eat for good health, such as fruits, vegetables, meat, seafood etc. Also, the public has become more aware of the benefits of exercise such as building stronger muscles and bones, improving overall mood, enhancing concentration, etc., which have made them take part in physical activities regularly.

On the other hand, there are various ways to encourage people to eat healthier and exercise more often. One of the effective methods is to provide information about the benefits of healthy lifestyle through advertisements, campaigns on social media and posters. For example, if the government can set up a campaign to promote good eating habits in schools or at workplaces by providing nutritional education, people will have more opportunities to learn how to eat well. Another useful way is to offer gym memberships for low cost, which allows people to join fitness programs and take part in different sports activities.

In conclusion, there are many factors that cause people to choose healthy diets and exercise regularly such as information about nutrition and health from media sources. To encourage more people to eat better and exercise often, the government could provide education on how to live a healthy life, and offer low-cost gym memberships.

The contemporary world is witnessing an ever-increasing number of individuals who choose to follow a healthy diet and do physical exercises on a daily basis, mainly due to its beneficial impacts. A number of measures are proposed in this essay to make healthy lifestyles more accessible for all people.

To begin with, a healthy diet has been proved to contribute positively to our well-being. Firstly, it helps us have a better immune system. As we all know, our body’s immune system is responsible for fighting against diseases, including cancer and cardiovascular diseases. In addition, the right combination of vitamins and minerals from fruits, vegetables and grains contributes to boosting the overall efficiency of the body. Secondly, it helps us avoid overweight and obesity, which are one of the most common causes of serious medical conditions such as stroke, heart attack or high blood pressure.

In addition, doing physical exercises regularly has also been proven to have a positive impact on both our physical health as well as our psychological well-being. Firstly, it is an effective way to prevent or cure certain chronic diseases and illnesses. For example, people who practice jogging and aerobics are less likely to experience back pain than those who do not exercise. Secondly, exercising regularly can help us achieve a better sleep quality. Last but not least, many studies have shown that physical exercises have a significant impact on our mood and general sense of happiness.

In conclusion, people nowadays tend to choose healthy dietary habits and physical exercises for their numerous benefits. A number of measures should be taken in order to encourage more individuals to follow a healthy lifestyle.



> In some ways, the way we learn to speak has a lot in common with the way we learn to walk. At first, you may be unsteady on your feet when you’re learning how to walk and stumble often. But as time goes on, your balance improves and so does your confidence.
>
> It is the same with speaking English. If you can listen to a lot of conversations or watch TV shows in English, you will quickly improve your ability to speak. The more you hear other people talking, the easier it will be for you to find your own voice.
>
> But don’t just try to mimic what you hear. Be brave and practise speaking for yourself! You have a unique personality and a special way of speaking, so use it. If you speak English every day and try new things, you will quickly feel more confident about speaking in the language.