The tall man escorted me silently down the long empty corridor. The florescent lights evenly illuminated the stark white walls periodically broken by the frame of a closed door. As we neared the end of he hallway, the dark haired, clean cut man stopped abruptly. 
 
 `` Mr. Brendon, your prize is right through this door. Take your time making the final decision. Once a choice is made, you ca n't change your mind.'' With that, my escort stepped aside. 
 
 The room provided no relief from the sterile decor of the rest of the building. The white walls, ceiling, and floor were devoid of any adornments or color with the exception of two platforms. The first platform was covered from edge to edge with neat stacks of crisp $ 100 bills, held together tightly with thin white paper bands. The other contained a small stainless steel box with no visible hinges or markings. I looked in awe of the large pile of money. I had never been this close to that kind of money in my life. As I took a few steps towards the platforms, I could smell the freshly printed bills. 
 
 The cash was clearly the most logical choice. I was almost out of money after being out of work for the last 4 years. But as I looked at the money, I felt no joy, no excitement, no respite from my own personal torment. What would I do with all this money? Buy a larger box to waste away in? Try and find something to give my life meaning? It seemed like a long shot at best. 
 
 The small box sat modestly on it's platform. It's simple and ordinary nature made the rest of this place look almost extravagant. But for all of its mundane appearances, there was something alluring about it. I could n't imagine anything in such a small box being worth much, but that did n't seem to matter much. Before I realized it, I was peering at the box from above, my feet resting at the base of the nearly empty platform. I took one last glance at the money sitting beside me. I would never have another opportunity like this again. What would everyone think of me for turning down that much wealth?... Everyone? Who is everyone? I had n't spoken to any friends in at least 2 years. My family was gone. The one person I had once truly cared about was dead. 
 
 I picked up the box. It was heavier than I had anticipated. I still could n't find any hinges but as I pulled up on the top half of the box, the thin horizontal seam encircling the middle of the box began to widen. I could n't help but hold my breath as I pulled the top away to reveal my choice. A pale yellow pill sat in the middle of the miniature white pillow filling most the box. As I lifted the pill from the box, I hesitated. This could be anything. I turned my head to look back towards the door I entered through. It remained closed. Somehow I doubted that the quiet gentleman who escorted me down here would know any more than I did. 
 
 `` Well... I'm certainly not going to waste something that I paid $ 10 million for.'' I tossed the pill towards the back of my throat and swallowed. I did n't feel any different. Maybe it was just a sugar pill meant to teach people not to be greedy. I began to walk towards the door to be escorted back out. 
 
 Everything was black. That smell... it was familiar, but what was it. I breathed deeper through my nostrils. The sweet fragrance made me feel at peace, like everything was right in the world. I recognized it, but could n't place it. Why could n't I see? I tried to move but my body was n't responding. 
 
 `` I must be dreaming.'' 
 
 I tried again to send signals to my muscles to move. Finally it responded and I rolled over onto my back. As I laid there with my eyes still closed, my body's senses began to return. I felt the comfort of my own bed around me. But the smell did n't fade away with my dreams. I stopped, frozen by the realization of what that familiar fragrance was. I turned my head to the left and forced my eyes to open. Her golden shining hair was strewn across the pillow next to mine. When I realized I had been holding my breath, I drew another one in. I again smelled the floral scent of her shampoo. 
 
 Was she real? I sat up to get a better look. A smile grew across her face as she opened her eyes to look up into mine. That perfect smile that I'd give anything to see. She brought her hand up from beneath the covers to wipe away the tears rolling down my cheek. 
 
 I finally gathered my thoughts enough to speak. `` Is it really you?'' 
 
 `` That's a... complicated answer. But for the most part yes.'' 
 
 `` But how?'' 
 
 She gave a small giggle. `` That's another complicated one.'' Her smile lessened slightly. `` You should know something though. This is only for one day. And it will never work again.'' 
 
 I fell onto her and buried my face in the covers. I could n't hold it in any longer and began to weep. 
 
 `` Shhh, it's ok babe.'' Her soft fingers made their way through my hair comfortingly as she squeezed me close. 
 
 `` But I miss you so much.'' 
 
 `` I know. But I'm here now.'' 
 
 `` You're right. I do n't want to waste another moment with you.'' I sat back upright and wiped my tears away with the sheet. 
 
 Her smile was back. `` How should we spend our day?''
