Riley sits in his padded cell with his back to the door, as he has done every day for the last eleven years. His twin sister, Rachael, visits once a month when she drives up to eat dinner with her dad. 
 
 “ Hey Ri, it ’ s Rach ”, she says from the other side of the door to his room. “ They tell me you ’ ve had another couple of rough days this week. ” 
 
 “ Rach? ” Riley says with his back to the door, still, unmoving. “ The man in the yellow sweater has been yelling at me again. He makes me crazy—I can ’ t stand it. Can you make him go away? ” 
 
 Rachael knows the man in the yellow sweater. It ’ s their father. She remembers the day the cancer took their mother, and her brother ’ s schizophrenia took over. Her father broke the news to them and he was wearing a yellow sweater. Later that night, Riley came after him with a knife, screaming that the man in the yellow sweater killed his mother. 
 
 “ I ’ m going to visit dad tonight and meet him for dinner. Should I tell him you said hi? ” Before she knew what was happening, Riley spun around and charged the door, screaming, spit flying out of his mouth and eyes filled with rage. She knew immediately that she shouldn ’ t have mentioned his name. The orderly rushed into the cell and their visit was over. Rachael just wanted them to be a family again. Sometimes that hope made things worse. 
 
 She stopped by to speak with his psychiatrist before she left. Dr. Rainer was an intelligent and caring man. She always enjoyed speaking with him. 
 
 “ So Rachael, how have you been? ” He always started the conversation with the same opening. 
 
 “ I ’ ve been well, Dr. Rainer. ” 
 
 “ Have you had any more of those terrible shared dreams in the last few months? ” She cringed at the question. 
 
 “ Yes I have, but I guess that ’ s the problem with a schizophrenic twin brother. ” The bond that twins share continues to elude medical science. It can only be summed up as… mysterious. 
 
 “ Well, his condition has worsened in the last few weeks Rachael. Your father seems to haunt him regularly. All of the attempted medications and therapies seem to have little to no effect. I fear there is little hope for your brother. ” The tears began to well up in her eyes. He quickly apologized and changed the subject, “ I ’ m sorry I ’ ve upset you. Are you meeting your father for dinner tonight? ” 
 
 “ Yes, I wouldn ’ t miss it for anything. ” She smiled at the memories they created during their monthly dinners. 
 
 “ Tell him I said hello. Rachael, if the feelings from the dreams get stronger, please let me know. It ’ s certainly a burden you carry, but you don ’ t have to carry it by yourself. We are here to help. ” 
 
 “ Thanks Doc, but I think I can manage. ” She gives him a hug as she leave his office. 
 
 ************ 
 
 The lights on the interstate seem exceptionally bright this evening. The diner is only a few miles away, but everything seems to get stranger as she gets closer. A yellow haze begins to fill her vision, she hears her phone ringing, and sees Dr. Rainer ’ s name appear on the caller id. She answers and can only make out part of what he is saying. He sounds frantic. 
 
 “ Rachael, your brother…orderly. You need to come back to the… Rachael can you hear me…? Rachael understood what he was saying, but the haze now turning brighter yellow had consumed her. She let the phone drop into her lap as she continued her drive to the diner. 
 
 ************ 
 
 Dave sat in the same booth they always sat in at the diner. He worriedly glanced at his watch again. 
 
 “ Hey Dave, ” said the waitress. “ Are you waiting on Rachael tonight? ” 
 
 “ I am and she is running pretty late. That ’ s not like her at all. ” As he said that, he saw her car pull into the diner parking lot. He could see Rachael sitting in the car with a glassy stare in her eyes. 
 
 “ Looks like she just pulled in. I ’ ll get the usual started for you two. ” 
 
 “ Thanks, ” said Dave, while never taking his eyes off his daughter. After five minutes passed, Dave decided to walk out to her car. He was worried that she was acting so strangely. 
 
 ************ 
 
 Rachael started crying when she pulled into the parking lot. She knew something wasn ’ t right, but didn ’ t seem to be in control. She watched her father in the diner get up from his seat and make his way out to her car. The panic set in full force now, her hand made its way to her glove box wear she kept a handgun for personal safety. 
 
 “ Rach, honey! Is everything okay? ” He shouted has he walked towards the car. When he reached the car, he saw the gun, tears and a wild look in Rachael ’ s eyes. As she pushed the gun to her dads face, she quietly said to him, “ I always hated the man in the yellow sweater. ” 
 
 The End. 

