First, there was the jerk. Then, the cold. 
 
 Then came the screams. Billions died. East Coast USA was landlocked now- it faced continental winds from Siberia and was reduced to a cold hell and a landscape that used to be associated with Mongolia or the Atacama- or Mars for that matter. 
 
 West Coast was n't doing so well either. The Antarctic landmass had shifted North crushing into South Africa and submerging Mozambique. When the icecap melted in the tropical waters it turned there was n't so much of an Antarctic landmass to begin with. It had all been a bunch of small, closely connected islands underneath the icecaps. Like a toupee covering a patchy balding head. The sea levels rose with the lost ice and California was submerged. Then the temperatures rose because of the lost albido and the people of Nevada, who'd purchased newly created beachfront property in what used to be barren desert, were n't so happy when it got submerged too and the new coastline was just short of Salt Lake City, Utah. 
 
 That's where I would've gone, until I read the latest issue of Nature. It turns out that almost the entirety of Canada and what used to be Central Europe was being covered icecaps to become a new, greater Arctic continent. That meant the water would seen recede and the property rates of Utah would plunge down to levels where they deserved to be. 
 
 Land was not a problem, frankly. There were n't as many people around. Drinking water, electricity and working sewage, however, were things to look out for. All of India was a mess and the population had disintegrated to inhabit the neighboring Antarctic archipelago. Since they broke off from the Eurasian landmass they lost the Himalayas and their precious rivers and monsoon winds were a thing of the past. 
 
 Africa was exactly where it had used to be. But it was landlocked and the weather patterns had affected it even more severely. The Sahara in the northern part of the continent now touched the Kalahari in the South. 
 
 I thought of moving in with my parents. But given that the lush green prairies were basically pale yellow Savannahs, I do n't think they would've survived. 
 
 I stared at my world map. It was a crude piece, I had cut out with scissors the continents at their tectonic boundaries and stitched them together in a crude approximation. 
 
 Beyond a rift about fifty miles East of where I was would be Morocco. I could walk through there to Gibraltar, now with no water separating it, to Spain. The Mediterranean did not exist. And because it had been merely a remnant of the Tehtys see, the microplates got disintegrated and the entire continent was a seismic mess. Every European city was basically Pompeii right now, buried under a sea of basaltic lava. 
 
 There was only one place that was unaffected by the shift- the axial centre of the rearrangement that had remained unmoved. The plates had stabilized now and the native population, I heard, was too scarce and welcomed outsiders to repopulate their land. 
 
 I put on my cap with a crude paper-made, crayoned red star stapled on it. `` Here I come! May the great leader live on forever,'' I chanted as I marched off to Best Korea. 
 

