“ What if I told you, ” the wind changes direction and blows toward me, momentarily chasing away my breath. I take a sharp inhale through my nose, “ the biggest conspiracy theory in history was actually true? ” I ’ ve always been afraid of heights. I wonder if they do this in hypnosis; give you a reason to face your fears, steel you against the phobia you no longer have time for. There ’ s no flutter in my stomach, my core is tight yet my legs are relaxed. 
 
 “ So the biggest conspiracy theory is true. How does that affect your decision to call today? ” says a girl in a tone that I can ’ t place as nasal or twang-y. Two girls emerge from my building and light up a cigarette. 
 
 “ Do you know what I ’ m talking about? Listen, just pretend this is hypothetical. ” 
 
 “ So this isn ’ t an emergency? ” 
 
 “ If you play along, I promise not to harm myself. Do we have a deal? ” 
 
 “ O.K., I ’ ll play along if you promise not to harm yourself. ” 
 
 I think about where to start. How do I convince this girl to take me seriously? I notice the trees are calm, the smoke trailing from the cigarette embers pulls toward me. 
 
 “ I ’ ll go back on my meds, ” I tell her, “ please; I need to know how I would handle this, though. I want to ascertain my morale, would I put the greater good before myself? ” 
 
 “ So this isn ’ t an emergency? ” I can picture her checking off a list of required questions. It ’ s probably been a long night. 
 
 “ No, not if you help. ” I already know what I need to do. Maybe I just want to feel like a hero, like I ’ d do what this lady wouldn ’ t. “ I have definitive proof of a government cover-up. In order to protect myself, I sent documents to a lawyer which he will release to the media in the event of my death. There ’ s been a raid on my house. ” I take a moment to make sure she is still with me. 
 
 “ But you don ’ t actually believe this? ” 
 
 “ No. It started as a delusion, but I ’ ve regained insight. As part of my therapy, I need it to resolve, somehow. I ’ ve decided that is by determining what I would do. Then I can put it out of my mind. ” 
 
 “ And you ’ ll get help? ” 
 
 “ Yes. ” I ’ m so far past help. I gave my lawyer no choice, I said don ’ t do anything with the documents, don ’ t even let me have them. Do only as my instructions permit. 
 
 “ In the raid my personal copies of the documents were confiscated. Let ’ s say the only way the public comes to learn about this lie is in the event of my death. ” 
 
 “ I can follow your thinking. Yes, sometimes it seems like you ’ re at odds with your ideals. But life is the highest ideal. ” 
 
 “ What ’ s your name? ” I say. The girls have finished their cigarette, and the smell is carrying up to my fifth floor. I doubt it actually is. I haven ’ t smoked in three years, but I ’ m dying for one, now. It ’ s probably my imagination. Things aren ’ t so bad, are they? Wouldn ’ t the prisoners skulk back into the cave, given the light? 
 
 “ Cynthia. What ’ s yours? ” 
 
 “ It doesn ’ t matter. I ’ d rather keep this anonymous. Let ’ s say in this fantasy world we have created, you wouldn ’ t ever hear my name. Not on the news, on the lips of the revolution, or the history books. Thanks, Cynthia. ” She ’ s right, of course. I just had to hear it from someone. Her reasoning might be different, but she ’ s right. 
 
 “ O.K. I will be glad you called when I read your name in the papers. ” 
 
 Did she really say that? Had she meant to say “ when I don ’ t read ”? No. Otherwise she would have hung up. It is the wink that will carry through our fate. 
 
 The wind picks up. My arm jerks to steady myself, but I was off-guard. Five stories. Just enough time to thank Cynthia. 

