The fires are out. The fires should never be out. 
 
 Many of the others were visibly shaken as the first wave of shock made its way through the ranks. I've only been serving for two millennia, but not even the higher ranking officers seem to know what's going on. 
 
 Pure chaos. Well, even more chaos then usual for the third floor. The brass screaming conflicting commands while the humidity of the normally sweltering air condensed along the carved stone walls. The sprites and goblins that skulk the hallways looking for scraps seem to have vanished along with the heat. 
 
 My superior, Greigorria, a demon of mammoth stature was busy organizing the wardens of our floor. The cells were to be secured, the patrols constant, until this was over. Whatever it was. His record of never losing a single soul left in his care was a badge of honor for the beastly overseer. And he would be saved long before he let his reputation was tarnished. 
 
 The overseer was mid sentence when his entire being seemed to shutter. His ears perked up and his head tilted at an odd angle as he cut off his words. It took a moment, but suddenly it seemed to strike all of the lower demons at the same time. 
 
 The silence. There should never be silence. 
 
 Greigorria Howled at his underlings, spurring them into action, the souls were still there, every cell was checked and double checked. The normally animated inmates all seemed to be facing the back of their tiny rooms without so much as a peep escaping them collectively. Black nails digging into well worn groves of his massive desk. The marks in the black stone building up over the eons, a testament to the frustration of orchestrating an unruly mob. 
 
 The walls were now slick with a thin sheet of ice. I could see my breath hanging in the air. Word was that The king himself had gone missing at the start of this. Baseless rumors, the official couriers from the upper levels streaming in an out, down to the lower levels for more reports. 
 
 Contact with the lower levels seemed to have come to a halt, couriers sent either had no news to bring back or something required their attention once they reached their destination. Not unheard of, although no official statements from below at a time like this was clearly making the overseer agitated. Returning to the main chamber a fierce gaze brought me out of thought. 
 
 The last time I felt those burning eyes upon me this intently Greigorria had thrown his giant stone slab of a desk at me. This time I was certain I had n't overlooked a mistake. My cells were locked, the souls were secured, i could n't afford to second guess myself in front of the beast. 
 
 Posture shooting up, sharp and straight as I gave a salute to the master of the floor. He kept looking at me as if trying to divine answers from the ether of my very being. After a few excruciatingly long moments He spoke. 
 
 `` You...'' 
 
 `` Firoz.'' interjected a small bookish imp at the overseer's side. Peering over a roll of parchment at me as well. The overseer gave a slow blink in acceptance. 
 
 `` Firoz,'' He stated, the deep voice and sharp teeth grinding at my name as he spoke again `` A company of Hellions has been dispatched from the first floor. You will join them when they arrive and head to the lower levels as an emissary.'' 
 
 He took a deep breath, I had a feeling I would not enjoy what he had in mind for me. I mean, Hellions. THE LEGION. The guys who guard the gates of the underworld itself. The elites said to rival the angels themselves. And I was supposed to just tag along? 
 
 `` You will return to me the moment you find any useful information. The Hellions already have their orders. You are not to interfere, only observe. Once you know the situation you will return here without hesitation. You will speak to no one but myself pertaining this matter.'' 
 
 With a swift motion his hand raised. Thumb and forefinger clasping together and tugging as if plucking an idea from the air itself. I felt the breath rush out of me without a sound, as I struggled to regain my wind my voice would n't even rise for a'Yes Sir.' He had taken my voice from me with the ease at which one would create the stroke of a pen. 
 
 `` Now, go. Welcome our guests at the gate. And do n't get in their way.'' He shooed me away with one massive hand, turning to a pile of reports that had arrived from the upper floors. 
 
 The walk to the upper gates might have well been a death march. The stares from my peers burning into my back as I made my way to the meeting point. Calling in a group of Hellions meant this was serious. It made me highly doubt that the courier sent before me had a choice to come back at all. The cold finally seemed to settle into my bones as my own dread grew with each step.
