When the sirens rang, families didn ’ t get their things. They didn ’ t call their employees to tell them that they won ’ t be able to come to work tomorrow. Some went to the nearest pub, and, of course, the barman was already waiting for them there, filling their last glasses of beer. 
 
 Most families didn ’ t do those things. They just ran. Charged towards the nearest vault. 
 
 Many people died in a crazy stampede that ensued, and at some vaults the security had to open fire on the crowd to hold back those who weren ’ t on the list. Letting more people in would mean a death by starvation or lack of oxygen. 
 
 However, after all the panic and rush and fear, after the doors of the Vault 9 closed, leaving hundreds of relatives and lovers behind for a quick merciful death from a short-living newborn sun above their heads, and after everyone came to their senses, they noticed that one family was already waiting for them inside. 
 It was a big family, and it included at least five generations, with the oldest man looking almost a hundred years old. You could almost see their lineage, with the old guy being on top – the one who directly or indirectly spawned them all. They did not share everyone ’ s shock: in fact, they were quite calm and reserved, if not a little grumpy, and judging by the amount of luggage and their calm posture, they took their time to gather all of their belongings, pack them and then bring them to the Vault in a calm and orderly fashion. 
 
 It was also worth noting that all of them, without exception, were blonde. 
 
 The security, obviously, were not informed of their presence, but their family name – Malfoy – was on the list, so while their early arrival was bizarre, it was not unwarranted. 
 
 People around them were crying, hollering or trying to commit suicide – and the Vault was an ironic place to do that – but the family remained stoic. They did not shed tears for their old world. If anything, they looked angry. 
 “ Look at this cattle ” – the old man rumbled. Clad in green and black, leaning on a black wooden cane with silver snake-shaped handle, he was, despite his ancient age, intimidating enough to make people walk out into the radioactive wasteland just with his menacing, furious stare. “ Leave them unattended and they blow up the whole world. And they say Death Eaters were wrong. What ’ s the worst a Death Eater can do? Kill one man at a time, not destroy an entire country, that ’ s for sure! Fockin mud ” – the man spit. A security officer noticed that and wanted to warn the man against that, but after a few moments of thinking he reconsidered and pretended he had never even turned in that direction. 
 
 “ Shoulda strangled that Muggle-lover shite myself, prophecy or not ” – the man continued. Turning to one of his off-springs, he growled: “ Did you bring the emergency tent? ” 
 
 The man, despite looking a little over 30, almost pissed himself like a little boy: “ U-um, y-yes, um, G-grandpa Draco, i-it ’ s r-right- “ 
 
 “ Quit mumbling and speak up! Honestly, I regret that I allowed your uncle and mother to marry – you ’ re dumber than Goyle. Did you bring it? ” – The man nervously nodded. “ Then open it up! ” 
 
 “ Wh-what, r-right here? ” – The man asked, looking cautiously at all the muggles who were still wailing for their TVs and lawns that would never be green again. 
 
 “ Boy, Ministry of Magic is gone, no one is gon na confiscate your wand, you can do what you want! ” 
 
 Having had enough, 100-years-old Draco banged his cane on the floor. The green and silver tent flew out of the mountain of luggage and arranged itself in front of the blonde-headed clan. 
 
 It was definitely bigger on the inside, housing an entire warehouse of magic commodities. There were books, manuscripts, a large crate full of wands, half a dozen cabinets with potion ingredients, an entire fleet of brooms and much more. Draco smiled. 
 
 “ Yes… Yes, boy, we can do what we want. Muggles took our kingdom, so we ’ ll make a new one. A right one! They may have destroyed the world, but their final mistake was letting us in. Malfoys will take the position that is rightfully ours – by force! ” 
 
 A security officer entered the tent, meaning to tell that camping was strictly prohibited inside the Vault, but the green flash of light stopped him mid-sentence, ending his life. 
 
 “ Time for muggles to learn their place. We were prepared, only we were. We are the last wizards, so it ’ s up to us to make it right. Maybe not tomorrow, maybe in a hundred, a thousand years, but one day we ’ ll retake the surface as true rulers ”. 
 
 Draco turned to the two youngest of his kin: a boy and a girl, both in their teen years. He patted their heads, and his eyes, for once gentle, filled with tears: “ And darlings, don ’ t you dare mix your blood with their lot, don ’ t you neglect my words. You have to keep your blood clean ”. 
 
 Edit: formatting is hard 
 

