Tap tap tap. Tap tap tap. Hiss hiss, bang, bang. Teeheehee. Tap tap tap. 
 
 The sound of mediocrity is all around him as his coworkers hammer away at their keyboards, eager to finish their work load and impress their bosses. Someone in the break room is having a fight with the hissing coffee machine. 
 
 *Inane noise. All of it. * Jeff thinks rubbing his temples to try and concentrate. Teeheehee. Chink chink chink. Tap tap tap. The noise easily penetrates the quick and quiet meditation zone, he tried to build around himself. 
 
 `` No.'' Jeff whispers to himself. `` Not today.'' As he slowly takes a deep breath to try and calm his anger. Deep breath in. *One, two, three, four, five*. Deep breath out. *One, two, three, four, five. * Deep breath in. *one, two, three... *. CHINK CHINK CHINK. His meditation is interrupted again as a collection box is rattled in his face. 
 
 `` Collecting for Dave's birthday.'' One his sullen faced coworker offers. Jeff reaches into his pocket for his wallet trying to hide his disgust at the overpowering smell of sweat emanating from his coworker. He does n't even like Dave but deposits a ten dollar bill into the tin to get rid of his colleague. 
 
 Closing his eyes, he starts again. Deep breath in. *One, two, three, four, five. * Deep breath out. *One, two, three, four, five.*. Deep breath in. *One, two... *. 
 TAP TAP TAP. CHINK CHINK CHINK. HISS HISS BANG BANG. TAP TAP TAP. 
 
 Angrily rushing to his feet, he is ready to shout at everyone to shut up. To tell them that he has had enough, that they can shove this job, shove their gossip around the water cooler and their faux friendships. That he quit. 
 
 He never gets the chance as he is interrupted again. This time by a sudden crashing sound. Everyone in the room turns towards the source of the noise as a man smashes through the roof and onto the floor with a thunderous thud. Everyone stood, eyes wide, mouths agape as as a golden beam of light shone down through the newly created skylight and basked the man in a warm glow. 
 
 No-one rushed to help as he groaned and struggled to stand. As he reached his feet everyone could see him properly and he was the most beautiful man any of them had ever seen. His thick golden hair was like a meadow blowing in a gentle breeze, undisturbed by the fall. Eyes like tropical blue seas, high cheek bones and a chiseled jawline gave him a dazzling smile that made both women and men swoon. The clothes he wore were immaculate, conforming tightly to his body, highlight his pecks, biceps and butt. 
 
 The beautiful man turns slowly on the spot. Taking his time to study each and every face before moving on to the next. Everyone who feels his gaze is unable to stop themselves from blushing as the feel butterflies fly around their stomach. 
 
 Then his attention turns to Jeff and he feels it as well. His heart feels like it is beating a million miles a second, butterflies soar across his stomach. He feels like a magnet is pulling every part of his being towards this unknown man. Self consciously he wonders if he looks OK. Did he pick the right shirt and tie combination, is he wearing his new shoes and did he put clean underwear on this morning. 
 
 `` Finally!'' He says with a shocked smiled on his face breaking the silence and shattering Jeff's heart with joy at the same time. `` I've found you.'' The man steps closer, over the rubble caused due to him crashing through the roof. `` You've no idea what I've been through all to look for you.'' He said, patting Jeff on the shoulder in a friendly manner. 
 
 Reaching into his inner jacket pocket he pulled out a piece of paper causing Jeff to flinch. `` Jeffery Donaldson. You are being served.'' The man beings to read 
 
 `` Err, I'm Jeffery Donald... not Donaldson. Sorry'' Jeff said sheepishly. 

