So there I sat. In a completely white room with white walls, a white chair and a white table in front of me. It contrasted with my appearance. My black hair and dark skin was shining against the facade of complete purity. I was also clean. That was the strangest thing. The crust of dirt had been washed off my skin, the wounds treated, the knots combed out of my hair. They removed the rags I was wearing, and replaced them with a white robe. Yet more white... 
 
 So this is what this entire journey was leading to. A white room. Could it be death? I highly doubted this, since I had succeeded in killing the demon. I could remember that clearly. His translucent skin, revelaing the free-flowing fiery bloodstream in his body. His horns that were so black they looked like portals to another dimension. His eyes so deep and complex that no human eye could ever match their terrifying beauty. His screech when my blade pierced his face... 
 
 That was the eigth of the nine rituals. Any human who could complete these rituals would be granted the control board. The control board was an amazing thing. It allowed the user to maniulate *probability*. What are the odds of me finding a million dollars on the road? 0 %? Well, let's change that to 100 %. The odds of Maccaroni and cheese appearing in my bathtub? Make that 100 %! But I for sure did n't want it to fill my bathtub with pasta. What are the odds of someone who has died coming back to life? 0 %. For now... 
 
 Anyway, I divert. He has promised us humans that anyone who completes the nine rituals will be the owner of this board. He never told us the rituals. All we knew was this: 
 
 One would test the body 
 
 Two would test the mind 
 
 Three would test sanity 
 
 Four would test kindness and good will 
 
 Five would test endurance and spirit 
 
 Six would test dedication 
 
 Seven would test fearlessness 
 
 Eight would test true courage 
 
 And Nine would only be completed by those with the coldest of hearts... 
 
 I completed the first eight. After I killed the demon, I was here. I did n't come here. I just *was* here. In these strange conditions. I do n't know how long it's been. Maybe days. Maybe seconds. I could not feel time passing. The only thing I could think about was this: 
 
 And Nine would only be completed by those with the coldest of hearts... 
 
 This was the ninth ritual. I was sure of it. I had no idea what it was. But I knew that it would probably happen in this very room. I do n't know if you could call it a room, though. 
 
 `` Congratulations'' 
 
 A voice behind me took me out of my thoughts and released me from the everlasting echo of the word'Nine' in my head. 
 
 `` You are the only one. The only human who managed to pass the rituals. The only being with a fit body, a good mind, a healthy sanity, a kind soul, an everlasting spirit, a sense for dedication and relentlessness, a heart without fear, and the courage to drive you forward.'' 
 
 The voice had no body. It came from nowhere. It was the voice of the man. The man who had promised this board, who had demonstrated it's powers. Slowly, his physique came clear before the table I was sitting at. His bright red skin almost reflected on the walls, and his hoofs made screeching noises on the floor as he walked towards me. 
 
 `` But now, you know there is one last ritual'' 
 
 `` The coldest of hearts'' I said. It sounded nowhere near as casual as I had expected it to. The hint of a smile appeared on the cheeks of the man, showcasing for a moment his pointed teeth. 
 
 `` Indeed. If you complete this challenge, you shall have the board. It will be yours, and with it, the world will be yours.'' He had reached me, and rested his clawed fingers on the table. He stared at me for a couple seconds, maybe hours. I could not say 
 
 `` And what is the challenge?'' I asked. I had been through too much for this man to stare me down from my prize. 
 
 `` So eager to find out...'' The man said. Three items materialized on the table. Three ordinary, everyday items. I stared in shock. Starled, I jumped backward and fell out of my chair. I knew exactly what I was supposed to do. Just seeing these three items, I knew why this challenge would test a cold heart. I saw these items every day, but now... 
 
 The man laughed. He laughed so loud and roaringly it filled the chamber, reflected off the walls and almost made the room shake. He tossed back his head, causing his horns to scraoe the ceiling, and laughed. 
 
 On the table stood a bowl, a jug of milk, and a box of cereal. 
 
 `` And for your final challenge...'' The man said after he calmed himself `` Pour the milk first!'' 
 
 I screamed. The sounds of the man laughing mixed with my screams to create one gut-wrenching howl.
