`` It's got ta be Nyarlothep's giant treasure hoard!'' Bruntus gleefully shouts. For a huge armor-clad warrior he sure is giddy. You look skeptically at the door and then towards your party. `` Let's hope the loot is Nyarly, if you know what I mean,'' says Halfric the Mage, elbowing Bruntus. You've been traveling for six months with these immature adventurers. They may be childish, but you've come to enjoy their company over the many fights you've shared. Now, to the door. It sits very plainly in this room of flesh and blood. Plain wood. Nice little doorknob. Does n't look like any of the other doors in hell. They all have goat heads that seem to always be judging you. Stupid goats. You remind yourself not to get distracted because the other two are n't gon na be any help. You reach for the doorknob and turn it, pull it... nothing happens. You push... nothing happens. You try and ram into it and bust it down... nothing happens. You yell at the two who are arguing over why the king of hell would have a crown that's mechanical. Your yells leave you nothing but a sore throat. Grabbing Bruntus, you tell him he needs to ram the door down. He rams it full force... nothing happens. You ask Halfric if the door is cursed or somehow magically enchanted. `` This is some bottom layer hell magic,'' he replies, `` I ca n't help with that.'' You grumble as the two walk off, discussing the play they saw in some village along the way to hell. You examine the door. It looks like a normal door. Nothing special about it. You examine the knob and notice an inscription. You bring Halfric over and he informs you that the inscription reads, `` THE KEY LAYS ON THE HEAD OF THE KING'' in Hell-script. It's the crown! You grab the crown out of Bruntus's hand and begin to fiddle with it. You are pretty good with contraptions as you're rogue training has made you. Despite your efforts, nothing works... nothing happens. You comb through shelves of the Hell-King's books. Nothing... absolutely nothing. You go back to look at Nyarlothep and notice something glimmering on his head. You lean in closer to see a key, perched on his tiny head. You were surprised at the size of the King of Hell's head, as he was so large and intimidating everywhere else. You inspect the key, seeing an inscription that reads, `` NOT WHAT YOU EXPECTED, HUH?'' You grumble something about how funny Hell-Lords think they are as you insert the key in the door. As you slowly pull the door open you see a glimmering light. A light so fierce it could blind a man. A light that fades away to show.... a goat head. The goat head stares at you. You stare back. You look at each other for a while. His judging eyes eventually get the best of you and you slam the door. You call down Nyarlothep's elevator to the surface, all the way grumbling about how this trip was worthless. As all three of you ride up to the surface, you realize that there was absolutely nothing there. No treasure or anything... as you reach the surface something seems off but you do n't know what. You approach a crossroads and the other members of your party head for the tavern. As you approach your cabin, you notice two hooded figures installing a door. You run them off and slam your new goat-head door, grumbling something about demons and their sense of humor. 
 
 
 ( ( I just sorta did this without any thought... hope it's ok ) )
