Out of nowhere, it appeared. The Orb. It pulsed slowly with a soft, green light. For some reason I can not fathom, I was drawn to it immediately. There was no sound emanating from it-just the light. As I walked down from the porch, all I could hear was the crunch of leaves beneath my feet. I was entranced; the gentle pulse of the light somehow beckoned me. I reached my hand out to touch it. As I did, the light began to pulse faster, as if it could somehow sense my approach. 
 
 As my hand pressed against the Orb, I suddenly found myself in a room. It was a spherical shaped room, filled with the same green light I had seen moments before. The room itself was completely barren, save for one item: a chair. I quickly looked around, seeking a hidden door, or some other means of exit. I was n't sure what this was, but it was starting to unnerve me. My hands traced the contours of the wall, my attempts to find an escape unsuccessful. With nothing else to do, I sat in the chair, with the intent of collecting my thoughts. 
 
 The chair itself was unremarkable. It was n't uncomfortable, but neither was it particularly inviting. However, the second I sat down, everything changed. It's difficult to explain exactly what happened, or what I even began to see. Something resembling holographic images began to line the walls of the room. As this was happening, I felt the strangest sensation. It was as if my mind was being drawn back; that I was simultaneously both sitting in the chair and outside an imaginary window looking in at it. 
 
 I immediately wanted to stand up from the chair. Whatever this was, I was n't going to mess with it. As I did so, however, the images changed. Even though I had gotten up from the chair, I still retained the feeling of being drawn back, observing. In one image, I was standing up from the chair. In a second image, I was still sitting in it. I resolved to look at the chair in greater detail; more images appeared. One showed me carefully examining the chair, the other saw me doing my best to break it. 
 
 As I imagined various scenarios, I began to grasp what exactly I was seeing. I was seeing possible futures. I began to look at the images in greater detail, looking for clues that might allow me to escape from whatever this was. Eventually, through trial and error, I was able to find a scenario in which I was able to access a user interface. I performed the necessary actions, and was rewarded with the interface that I had seen in the image. My initial thoughts were correct. It is a machine designed to show alternate futures. Every decision, every course of action capable of being analyzed and consequences shown. It turns out though, that I was vastly underestimating what the machine was capable of. 
 
 I was able to draw even further back, and chart the courses of history. Endless possibilities! I was able to fast forward and rewind time; but only to or from the point I had entered the orb. I saw governments rise and fall. I saw families torn apart and reunited. I saw everything. Including the other orbs. One by one, I followed the timeline variations of the other orbs. Each ended only in tragedy. 
 
 Preparing myself for the worst, I began to look at my orb's possibilities. Many of them ended as the others had. But to my surprise, there was one which did not. I studied the image, desperate to learn how to bring about this particular scenario. As I took note of the the particular details, I saw myself in the image studying what appeared to be a peaceful society. Using the controls, I filtered through the images, searching for this particular outcome without success. 
 
 I was about to give up when another image caught my eye. It was an image in which I rose out of the chair, turned to myself, and mouthed something at, well, me. It took me a few tries, but I was finally able to make out what he-what I was saying. Once I did, I found the image I needed-the one that would see me safely out of the orb. I tried to follow it past that, but the image became garbled and static. I did n't spend too long on it though, I was ready to leave. I knew the future that I wanted to see-the one of peace. While I did n't know exactly how to get there, I did know the first step. I rose out of my chair, turned around, and mouthed the words “ Be the change you want to see in the World ”. 
 
 -End- 
 
 Thanks for a fun prompt! Feedback and CC welcome!
