I never considered myself a bad person. Sure, sometimes I did n't hold the door when I was in a hurry and I've cut people off in traffic without using my blinker because I was careless or left the milk out on the counter. I never thought that those minor infractions would lead me to where I am today. 
 
 I collapsed on the floor of my house and when I woke up I was in a place that looked like a cave. It seemed a little odd and it was a bit hot but not unbearable. The kind of hot where it does n't warrant turning on the AC but opening the window is n't quite enough, just rather inconvenient. I began my journey through the cave and came upon an elevator. There was a man inside and as soon as I came up to it the door began to close. I yelled for him to hold it and he just stared at me and allowed the door to close. No matter, I casually thought, I'll just get the next one. I got the next elevator and there was another man inside. As soon as the door closed, he passed a large amount of gas and giggled. It was disgusting and nothing I did could help me escape the smell. 
 
 I got off the elevator after what seemed like the longest ride in history into a convenience store. I had no idea where I was so I decided to go to the counter to ask for information. There was a small line so I stepped behind an elderly woman to wait my turn. It turns out every person in line was getting lottery tickets, a lot of them, and they were completely undecided about which tickets they wanted and I was beginning to get a little annoyed as this short wait was turning into a rather long one. Another worker, who noticed this stepped up to open another register, at which point the 2 people in line behind me jumped up and ran over, essentially skipping me in line, and they also wanted a large amount of lottery tickets. Damn, I thought, all of this is turning out to be inconvenient and annoying. The elevator, the people in line... I just want to know where I am and what to do. 
 
 I finally get to the register and the woman looks at her watch and exclaims `` Oh it's my break time!'' and walks away, leaving me to get back in the other line, which has swelled a good bit with more people buying lottery tickets. At this point, I just decide to leave and figure things out on my own. 
 
 I leave the store and walk to the street and notice I do n't recognize any landmarks. I walk down the street, attempting to hail a cab to have them take me somewhere recognizable and as I'm doing so, I turn around and someone runs into me, effectively spilling their coffee down my new white shirt my wife had just gotten for me that day and they begin yelling at me for spilling their overpriced Starbucks. This day was shaping up to be one of the worst I've had in a long time. I turn around to just walk away and I step into the street to cross it, just in time to see a semi-truck bearing down on me. 
 
 I wake up in a cave that's just a little too hot, and there seems to be an elevator off in the distance...
