This economy is shit. I thought things would get better with time. Nothing has changed. If anything, it seems that it's harder these days to get a job. It use to be that you'd send an application and you would eventually see a rejection, occasional even some advice. Maybe it's because we're getting older, our education is getting stale, our attitudes sour. It's just not the same. It feels like there is no one out there. 
 I ca n't beat myself too much over this, at least I've got my friends, my wife, and my life. All those I surround myself with seem to be going through similar struggles. It just seems the world does n't want us. But this is how life has been, so we continue to push through. 
 It's the holidays. All my wife wants for Christmas is a Christmas tree. There's this plot of land a couple miles down the road I'm heading to tonight that lets you chop down your own tree. Pretty neat, operates on donations. I do n't head out often, gas is n't cheap, so it's always nice to be able to do something. The roads are quiet. It seems few have the means to drive these days... I see more and more abandoned cars throughout the road. It's a pain really. I would call, but it seems most service providers dropped us long ago. There's no money in rural America. 
 If I think about it, what do I complain about? I struggle, yet I am the lucky one. I've got food, I've got shelter, I've got company. Granted, we're on foodstamps and unemployment extensions, but what else are we to do? Who knows when the extension ends, but it's kept food on the table for the past two years. 
 Well, here it is up ahead. Just an open gate a a plot of pine trees. I grab the ax of of my truck and pick out a shorter tree, about 3 feet tall. *TWACK!! * and in one swift stroke the tree is down. 
 mmmmmghmmmm. arms stretched, mumbling who knows what, this guy approaches me. A bit angry I'd say. I do n't know if the guy works here or not, but I just toss him the couple bucks I have. Seems I must have pissed him off with the small donation as he lunges himself forward. With tree in hand, I toss it in my truck and head out fast. 
 I really do n't head out much. I can get just about anything online at my doorstep. Maybe all this automation is why we're out of the job, but then again, what are we to do? 
 Tomorrow is christmas, let's just enjoy the holidays. 

