A tumultuous jumble of roaring and whooping echoed down the metal corridor. The intensity of the sound made me pause. Seems like more prisoners got out than I thought. I flipped the safety on the side of my stun gun off and resumed jogging toward the uproar. The soles of my boots rang out as they struck the steel floor. 
 
 
 Static buzzed in my ear for a moment. Comms were online. I pressed a forefinger on the side of my helmet. `` Devons. Talk to me.'' 
 
 
 `` Looks like eight prisoners causing trouble in the main hall. Take this next right.'' Kicking my pace up a notch, I followed my fellow warden's instructions and rounded the corner, bracing myself for a rough confrontation. 
 
 
 I dashed into the open hall and readied my weapon. A group of hulking prisoners stood on a landing above me, howling at the top of their lungs and pounding the walls. `` Hey!'' I hollered up at them, `` What are you lowlifes doing out of your cells?'' At the sound of my voice, the rioters froze. One of them, a muscular, bald-headed oaf crossed his arms and walked toward the edge to face me. He grinned, showing a mouthful of gnarled and bent teeth, with plenty missing to show for himself. 
 
 
 `` Well, look who finally turned up. Just one guard, all on his own? Bullpen, if you will?'' He turned his gaze upwards, behind me. My head whipped around, but before I could react, a stone-faced, hairy wall of a man crashed down from above, blocking my exit. Standing at least a head taller than me, the man bore a heavy resemblance to a certain North American Sasquatch. As much as this giant unnerved me, I knew I could n't show the convicts any weakness. I kept my stun gun pointed squarely at the leader, but he stared me down as if I held a featherduster. 
 
 
 Devon's voice buzzed in my ear. `` What's going on, York? Do you have the situation under control?'' 
 
 
 Bullpen's head jolted at my colleague's voice. Grabbing me by the skull, he wrested the helmet away from me and stomped it into the ground with a gut-wrenching *crunch*. Bullpen smirked, looking into my eyes for a reaction. Unfazed, I stepped up to the leader and shoved the end of my stun gun into his ugly mug. `` This is your last warning,'' I said, struggling to keep my voice level, `` Back off.'' 
 
 
 Baldy raised his eyebrows. `` Oh, look, boys. The pig thinks he can squeal us into submission.'' A chorus of forced guffaws erupted among the gang. Baldy held up a quick hand signal and the other thugs leapt over the railing and began to fill in a circle around me. I had to act fast. 
 
 
 Wasting no time, I fired at a goon and nailed him midair as he fell to the first floor. Ducking under a palm thrust from Ol' Bullpen, I fired point blank into his exposed side. As he lost consciousness and began to topple, I ducked under his arm and jabbed him into another prisoner with my elbow. They both fell to the floor with a satisfying *boom*, and I twisted around to fire at the remaining men. Got one, got -- 
 
 
 `` Gaaagh!'' 
 
 
 The slimeball on the ground had kicked out my right leg! Seeing me off balance, Baldy rushed forward and tried to tackle me. I got a shot off into his chest before having to roll to the side, into the center of the hall. Clutching at his heart, Baldy swung an enormous fist at me. I hopped to the side and slammed my gun into the top of his arm, sending him crashing to the ground. A thug behind me clipped me on the side of the head, and I twisted to shoot him down. Before I could recover, someone leapt from behind me and clung onto my right arm. My fingers slipped and the stun gun slid a few feet out of my grasp as I was brought to the ground. I punched my assailant in the face, but he managed to hold me down to the floor by the shoulders. A crazed look in his eyes, he spat into my face and yelled out to the others, `` Got'im! Got'im!'' 
 
 
 I struggled as much as I could, but these prisoners were in surprisingly good shape. Baldy wobbled to his feet, laughing hysterically. `` Ooh, put up a *bit* of a fight there, did we?'' He bent down and snatched my lost weapon from the ground. `` Let's see here... turn up the... voltage.'' He twisted a dial to the max, the gun humming loudly. 
 
 
 `` Nice try, piggy,'' the man said with a toothy grin, `` but it's going to take a *lot* more than you to keep us in here.'' He pressed the gun into the side of my head and I let out an involuntary gasp. Those members of the gang still conscious looked down on me from all sides. Blinking away tears, I stared bitterly into his eyes as Baldy gleefully squeezed the trigger. 
 
 
 I sat up with a start, my heart pounding. I ripped the diodes from my scalp and jumped to my feet. Devons looked up from his computer and swiveled his chair to face me. 
 
 
 `` Yeah,'' I said. `` It's bad in there. Order a full restart for server 13.''
