We get to play outside, we get to play outside! I love it outside. Truly, I do. I like it inside too. 
 
 But outside everything smells so interesting! Inside is comforting. The smells are mostly familiar, I like that. And I like my roommate. 
 
 Speak of the devil! Sometimes he likes to come outside with me. That means we get to play. Playing is great. Even if it just means running a bit. That's the ticket right there. Carefree abandon, it'll keep you young. Ok, I better slow down a little bit. 
 
 Hmm, what's that? That is fuuunky, yo! Ohh, I like that. Wha- 
 SQUUUUIRRL.... 
 
 *'' Blue! Hey! Get back here! C'mere! `` * 
 
 Huh? Oh, whoa! Ok. 
 
 My apologies, I think I got a little carried away just then. I better go see my friend. That was fun though. 
 
 *'' Good boy! `` * 
 
 Heh, I love it when he rubs my head and ears while praising me. If you have n't experienced this yourself I highly recommend it. Quite lovely. But hot damn that's good! Really makes you feel great about things. That's another ticket right there. You have to appreciate the little things in your life. Your experiences will be much more rewarding if you do. 
 
 OoO. Pardon me but I'm going to have to step away for a second. 
 
 Ok, I have to find a good spot. 
 
 Let's see here, yes... yes that's nice. But still not quite what I'm looking for. You see, when it comes to nature things can be very precise. When nature calls the least you can do is listen. That's what I'm doing now... Sniffing out the right spot. Preparation is key. 
 
 Ah, there it is musty and just a little bit of spice. 
 
 Let me just going to squat now and we'll get this show on the ro- Ugh, this is so awkward. C'mon, man. At least let me get on with things at my own pace. 
 
 See, this is the one bad thing about my friend joining me outside. It still weirds me out when he watches. We've been together my entire life and it still.weirds.me.out. Sometimes I wonder about that guy. I do n't know if he's trolling me or what? Why do you have to watch? I do n't watch him during his private moments. I mean, yeah, I see a lot of things go down in our place. But let's face it, most of that is just perks of the job. A little something extra for being the best of best friends. A bit of entertainment as a reward. 
 
 Ahhh, much better and now I'm feeling refreshed. Just let me, yup, there we go. See, after you've replied to nature it's always polite to kick up a little something over your offering. Just comes down to good manners, really. 
 
 Anyways, back to him watching. I see a lot of things but I'll tell you one thing. I sure as hell do n't watch him shit. There's a line there damn it! A fella oughta have a bit of privacy when he's answering nature's call. 
 
 *'' Gulgh! `` * 
 
 That's strange, he just took off like a shot. What's with the rush to get inside?! He did n't even close the door! Most unusual. I'd best see what's going on. It could have been that damn squirrel. I know he's been eyeing our turf. He know's I'm going to have to come after him if he comes around here. Some people never learn. 
 
 So what's... 
 
 Curious... 
 
 Shoe's kicked off pell-mell? 
 Belt down on the ground down the hall... 
 Shorts in the... 
 -Wha- 
 
 Well fuck me. It's time for some payback! 

