Seeking constructive criticism! 
 
. 
 
. 
 
. 
 
 **This is a Public Announcement: `` There are 6 hours remaining until the city wide curfew comes into action. All citizens must be inside by 18.00 hours. Any persons caught violating the curfew will be arrested and brought into custody until the curfew is lifted. Your normal programming will now resume''. ** 
 
 `` Mum, it's ridiculous! They ca n't just stop ordinary people from going outside - that's protecting the criminals, and doing nothing to help society. Why should n't the vigilante kill the murderers, and the rapists? I ca n't believe you're in support of the curfew!'' 
 
 `` It's for the best, Susan. They ca n't keep people safe unless they keep people off the streets. The curfew will be sticking - and you'll be sticking to it too young lady! You're only 16, and I do n't care if you can vote now, you are not going out tomorrow! That's the final word young lady, and I wo n't hear any more about it.'' 
 
'I ca n't believe she's being such a bitch', Susan later whispered down the phone to her friend. `` It's so unfair! Everyone is going to Jordan's party tomorrow and I ca n't go!'' 
 
 `` You'll just have to sneak out, Suze, there's no other way. All the boys are gon na be there, and just coz your mums being a dick about it does n't mean you should n't have a good night.'' 
 
 `` Yeah I know, Vicky, it's just really annoying. Quick, I've got to go, Marilyn Jeffries is going to be doing her interview and I do n't want to miss it. I'll text you later okay. Bye!'' 
 
 `` Bye!'' 
 
. 
 
 
 `` The city wide curfew came into effect one month ago today, and whilst tomorrow marks the 10 year anniversary of the anarchist threats, tonight on Newsnight our show is not about tomorrows anticipated events. Instead, we have a young politician whose party has risen above both Conservative and Labour leaders in most recent polls. The Young Liberals are a party that have sprung up during the increase in fear over the vigilantes return. They vehemently oppose the government imposed city wide curfew, with 27-year-old party leader Marilyn Jeffries saying the curfew should be lifted immediately, as it only protects those who put the city at risk. Calling it a waste of tax payers money, she calls not only for the abolition of the curfew, but a complete overhaul of the current political system. Support for the party has increased in the lead up to next months general election. The Young Liberals Party has managed to gain support from the younger generation, the new voters who until now had seemed mostly apathetic when it came to politics. In the 2015 general election, only 19 % of 16-24 year-olds registered to vote, under half the number of registered young voters in the previous elections, despite the 2014 decision to lower the voting age to 16, with hopes of encouraging young voters. With numbers again expected to drop in these elections, the increase came as a surprise to both our current government and its shadow cabinet. With 87 % of young people already registered to vote next month, it looks like the curfew might be on it's way out. Here to talk with us today is party leader Marilyn Jeffries. Ms Jeffries, thank you for coming in today'' 
 
 `` My pleasure, Jeremy. Thank you for having me on the show, and thanks for quite an introduction.'' 
 
 `` So, Ms Jeffries, your party stands to not only dissolve the curfew, but also to begin an overhaul on the current government practice. Your critics say that the current government saved the country from financial ruin, reducing unemployment and enforcing a drop in crime levels. To be blunt, why fix something that is n't broken?'' 
 
 `` I applaud the government for their financial success, I really do. However, I ca n't agree that it still is n't a broken system. Yes, they may have solved the problems, but they also caused them. They allowed for banks to destroy the economy, they overlooked flaws in the NHS, in the education systems. They allowed for a system of bribery and favours. The government is supposed to be for the people, not for personal gain. We do n't need career politicians or lords with no real idea of hardship. We ca n't forget that these are the same people who cheated expenses and lied to cover their backs. This government is fake, and allows for greedy individuals to use power for selfish gain, and not for the good of the country. 
 
 `` It might have been accepted before, but we are n't letting it go on. This is a time for change, not a time to cover up the mistakes of the past. We need to start again, moving on from the mistakes of those before us, learning from them, and never going back to where we were 10 years ago. There is a future to fight for, and that's exactly what I intend to do.'' 
 
 **This is a Public Announcement: `` The city wide curfew is now in action. All citizens must now be inside. Any persons caught violating the curfew will be arrested and brought into custody until the curfew is lifted. Your normal programming will now resume''. **
