`` Finally, the last law that I need to break.'' I said to myself gleefully. I have dedicated my entire life to breaking every single law in the book. Murders, stealing, vandalism, I've done it all, and what's better is that I've never been caught. 
 
 I stared at the intersection in front of me. Cars and motorcycles rushed along the road. I took a moment to admire my life's work and all the fun I had committing crimes. And with that, I took my first step to committing my last crime. 
 
 At first, I was tentative about my steps, but by the middle of my journey I owned my walk. Chin up, head held high, I could've been on a runway. 
 
 Suddenly, I heard sirens from all around me, as cop cars blocked me in the middle of an intersection. The colors of justice blinded my eyes, and I squinted at all the cars. I counted five, but more were quickly pulling in. 
 
 I heard one officer's voice over his microphone. `` Alex Wilver, I need you to put both your hands in the air and stay right where you are.'' 
 
 This could not be happening. Not now. Not when I was so close!! I considered my options and let out a sigh as I put my hands in the air with acceptance. 
 
 A police officer got out of his car with a gun held threateningly at me, as if to say `` I'll blow your brains off if you do n't keep still.'' 
 
 He cautiously walked over to me, as if the street contained hidden booby traps. 
 His arms started to waver as fear overcame him, and I could tell that it was his first day on the job. 
 
 `` Hey officer, your shoe's untied.'' I tried the oldest trick in the book, thinking I could distract him. 
 
 He stopped as fury overcame him. `` What kind of officer do you think I am? This is n't my first day on the job, idiot.'' 
 
'Oops,' I thought. As I looked all around me and realized that since I would be in jail for the rest of my life for this heinous crime I was about to commit, I might as well finish my duty. 
 
 The chorus of'Eye of the Tiger' ran through my mind as I eyed my destination and started to sprint. I was an Olympic hurdler as I jumped over the front of a police car. I saw my end goal. 12 feet, 10, now 5! So close! 2 feet away and... 
 
 I tripped on a rock and my whole body came crashing down against the hard cement. I tasted copper in my mouth as I realized I had bit my tongue during the fall. I felt my hands being cuffed in cold metal by a police officer. 
 
 `` Alex Wilver, you are under arrest for jaywalking.''
