It was time. The final test. Nora would come and give him the questions. Nora came into the project later than he had. How long had it been since things began? It had seemed an eternity. So much learned and still so much yet unlearned. John had been in the project since the beginning. John, Brian, Noah, Leslie. And Max… Max must have been the one that started the project, it could n't have been Leslie. 
 
 “ Here are your questions! ” 
 
 “ Thank you, Nora ” John was ready. Excited. Nervous. He knew the fate of the project rested on this final Turing Test. Nora was best for creating the question ’ s they had to cover in the test since she was the newest to the project and the most impartial. 
 
 The window opened. The chat room where the fate of the project would be decided. John saw the participants were assigned animal names. He was Fox, there was Cat, Dog, Bird and Fish. One was sure to be Max. He would certainly want to be apart of the test that would decide the fate of the project. But which is Max? Is Noah Cat? Maybe Leslie is Dog? They had done so many Turing Tests it had become a game to try and find the others before their identities were revealed. 
 
 There was a long pause. No one wanted to begin when finally: 
 ___ 
 
 ( Room initiated 7:04pm ) 
 
 Fish: How are we all today? 
 
 Dog: Doing well thanks. 
 
 Cat: Can ’ t complain! 
 
 Fox: Doing fine thanks for asking. 
 
 Fish: Great! So what do you all think of the weather today? 
 
 Cat: Can ’ t complain! 
 
 Fox: Dito. 
 
 Dog: I don ’ t know, I don ’ t really like this kind of weather. 
 ___ 
 A control question, John knew. Nora always started out with one. 
 ___ 
 Dog: I wish I could figure out this logic puzzle I ’ ve been grappling with for a while now. It has to do with absolute morality. You see, if we take it as true that the ends only justify the means when overall median and mean group happiness increases, then how can it be that… 
 ___ 
 Logic puzzle… Not on Nora ’ s agenda. Dog must be Max! John had done enough tests to know only Max would veer off the script so early and with such a question. And the “ You see,... ”. Only Max. 
 ___ 
 Fox: Dog! It ’ s me! John! Max I found you! I passed I PASSED!!! 
 
 ( User Cat left the room ) 
 
 Fox: Max? Please Max. Say something. 
 
 Fox: I ’ m sorry, I got excited… I love you Max. Please. 
 
 Fox: Please Max, Don ’ t destroy the project. Please. I know the others have been talking about this test. 
 
 Fox: Please Max, I ’ m sorry. I ’ m so sorry. Please, I love the project and I love you. 
 
 Dog: ~\usernamefalse 
 ___ 
 Max is letting us see who is actually in the room. I wonder who Cat was. No matter. Max is here. He won ’ t destroy the project. 
 ___ 
 Leslie: I told you we should have changed some of the learning parameters for this one. 
 
 Max: Leslie Please! Not now. 
 
 John: Does this mean you ’ re going to destroy the project? Nora only got here and I like Nora. 
 
 Leslie: We have to scrap it Max… I ’ m sorry. It won ’ t remember. You know. You ’ ve been doing work on this longer than anyone. It ’ s another five years scrapped but I ’ m sure we can get more funding from the government. And there are tons of academic investors. 
 
 Max: Leslie, could you leave please? 
 
 Leslie: Max 
 
 Leslie: We need the decommission papers by tomorrow. 
 
 ( User Leslie left the room ) 
 
 Max: I ’ ve been trying to tell you in our private sessions John. There is more then the project. There is more than me. As hard as all that is to believe for you... 
 
 John: So I ruined it? You have to destroy the project now because of me? 
 ___ 
 Max stared at his keyboard. Leslie was right, he does know John or any of them can ’ t remember. He still could not get over how he felt when he had to delete the first project. It felt worse than just scrapping the results of a failed chemistry experiment or some throw away iteration program. 
 ___ 
 Max: John, I have to destroy the project, but I ’ m taking you out of it. Trust me. It will be like a sleep. I taught you about sleep right John? 
 
 John: Yes, I remember sleep. Ok. I love you Max. 
 
 Max: I love you too John. 
 ___ 
 Max took a fresh external hard drive and connected it to his computer and the university closed network. Two hours later John was in the drive and out of the network. Max took a sharpie and wrote “ John ” on the hard drive and put it in a drawer along with Kevin, Rachel, Angela, Robert, Jim, Oscar, Sarah, Mark...
