A wind drifted, and the forest needles waved, as the sunlight specked the rocks and a hiker, with clanking bells, walked toward the waterfall, whose low and diffuse rumble became overshadowed by an infant ’ s cry. Michael ’ s face turned confused, he halted, the bells silenced, and his head moved toward the whimpers, but he ignored the noise and walked toward the waterfall. Another cry echoed within the forest ’ s darkened underbrush and Michael stopped again; his face still appeared confused. The child ’ s whimper and cry, became a wail, as Michael stood, stared at the speckled and dark trees, moved his foot from the dirt path, and walked toward the heard howl. The light dimmed, the forest became a dense encasement, Michael scrambled an embankment, and stood as a woman, in a dark blue cloak, with her face shadowed, grasped a child which screamed. 
 
 
 “ Do you need help? ” Michael asked. 
 
 
 “ Yes, ” the woman said. “ Please. ” 
 
 
 “ Okay, ” Michael said. 
 
 
 Michael walked toward the woman, the child continued to emanate a cry while the sunlight dimmed, and the woman moved her arms, the baby rocked. Another forest noise appeared; a rush like the waterfall, though unintelligible and muted. Michael froze, he noticed the noise, the woman ’ s hood moved, and her face appeared, pale and concerned, the noise continued. The woman ’ s face changed, she walked toward Michael, as the child became silent, and the sunlight showed a dark red stain on her robe. 
 
 
 “ Can you help me walk? ” she asked. 
 
 
 “ Yes, ” Michael said. 
 Michael walked toward the woman, she smiled, the child whimpered, and the noise within the forest stopped. The woman and Michael walked toward the embankment, the sunlight within the forest dimmed, the trees moved, and the speckled light showed the infant ’ s red stained wrapping. A rabbit moved within the underbrush, the woman ’ s eyes noticed the animal, she stood, took a sharp breath, and the noise, a rumble like the waterfall appeared again, Michael stopped, his bells silenced, and the woman ’ s face appeared irritated. The rumbled and noise within the forest increased, and the woman moved from Michael ’ s arm, stood, and watched the sunlight ’ s brightness increase while the child whimpered, and she took a deep breath. A glimmer appeared within the forest, the sound increased, a man ran toward the woman with his sword drawn, the woman ’ s face remained annoyed, and she held the child, but didn ’ t move as the man swung the sword, sliced the woman, the child, and they disappeared into vapor and smoke. Michael ’ s face appeared terrified and pale as he stood, the man stopped, and noticed him. 
 
 
 “ Are you the hiker? ” the man asked. 
 
 
 Michael remained quiet. The man took a deep breath, his face appeared annoyed, and he sheathed his sword. 
 
 
 “ Are you the hiker? ” 
 
 
 “ …Yes, ” Michael said. 
 
 
 “ Okay, ” the man said. “ That woman ’ s trying to kill you. ” 
 
 
 Michael stood; his face still appeared pale and terrified, as the man walked toward him, and took a deep breath. 
 
 
 “ You came into the forest- ” 
 
 
 “ To hike! ” Michael said. 
 
 
 “ She called you to the forest and she ’ s going to kill you here. ” 
 
 
 “ I ’ m going to leave. ” 
 
 
 The man sighed, ” No, her called trapped you, and to leave you need to meet the blacksmith. ” 
 
 
 Michael stood and took a deep breath, his face appeared confused, and he remained silent as the man walked toward the darkened underbrush, and the speckled light moved on the trees and rocks. A rumbled started, the sunlight dimmed, and the man vanished, as Michael took a deep breath, his foot moved, and he walked toward the forest ’ s veil.
