`` This... This is your last chance, Chris'', he heard the voice in his head, as he was taking his last breath. So stern... menacing... deadly 
 
 `` This is your last chance, Chris. Do you believe in god now? Your creator!''. This was real, he thought, and loud too! There was no way he was hallucinating. If he was, he would n't even be questioning it. 
 
 He paused. Long silence. No answer. All his life, he was perfectly prepared for this question. All the logical contradictions. All the historic evidences. Everything was pointing to no god. But could he really say `` no'' now? Does he have the courage to? The voice sounded so... evil! And who was the voice anyway? Was n't it supposed to be darkness, followed by nothingness? 
 
 Should he really say `` no'', and risk a lifetime in hell? Or say `` yes'' and admit that he was the biggest hypocrite of all time... admit that he had wasted his entire life going down the wrong path. 
 
 He remained silent a bit more. What happened if he just said nothing and just died without a response, he pondered. He felt in his heart this would n't happen, though. He would remain hanging here until he gave an answer. 
 
 He finally made up his mind. `` No. I do n't believe in god'', he replied. That took the last ounce of courage in him to be able to say this. `` I could go on and on, but any god that created a hell is not a god''. This seemed logical to him at the moment. Not just logical, but sufficient... a complete answer. 
 
 Everything froze. No response. Long silence. What happens now? Does hell come next? Was this somehow the correct answer? He KNEW this had to be the correct answer! 
 
 Suddenly, light filled up the darkness. Peaceful, and dream-like white. He heard a different voice now. `` Heh. You got it Chris. That previous voice was n't me. I never really interfere with humans' free will. Only when it is their time, that I do reveal myself. Lucifer decided to use his free will to create what you thought of was god. He wrote the Torah, the Bible, the Quran. That was never me. There is no test, no hell, no eternal punishment. The whole existence was an exercise of creating free wills''. 
 
 Chris smiled, peacefully and closed his eyes. He had passed, not that it mattered, anyway.
