Just after the creaking intensified and just before the water tower fell, Veronica uttered a single word that broke the silence of her watching audience: `` Shit.'' 
 
 The wooden tower was simple in its design, standing upright on four legs ( obviously not strong enough to support it, Veronica thought as the tower fell towards her ). It was to collect rain-water and hold it until full, at which point citizens could open a valve and fill their containers. 
 
 `` Better than pumping from a well all day,'' she remembered saying. 
 
 As the tower picked up speed, Veronica felt rooted to the ground, directly in its path. It all took seconds, but in her head it felt like minutes. She looked down to the legs and saw it had sunken into the wet ground. Damn. Such an obvious problem, but she had been too excited to show the town her invention before the big rain. 
 
 The wasteland was full of hazards, but she never expected to die like this. 
 
 A force pushed on her left and Veronica flew to the right, out of the tower's path mere moments before it smashed into the ground. As water flooded out of the tower, Veronica looked down to see Jim lying next to her. He saved her life. Painfully, but still. 
 
 Veronica looked at him and did n't speak, unsure of what to say. She let him down, let his father down, using his father's livestock to trade for the wood. She thought once it was proven to work, she could repay the man ten-fold... 
 
 `` It almost worked!'' Jim yelled over the deafening sound of a huge amount of water running out of the over-turned tower. 
 
 `` What?'' She pushed herself up to her feet as Jim did the same. `` It failed. Your father's sheep-'' 
 
 `` Veronica,'' he interrupted. `` It failed because it could n't handle the weight. So you reinforce it. This was *good*. We just try again.'' 
 
 She turned to look at the crowd and saw Mayor Redwall approach with a smile. She turned back to the tower, watching as gallons upon gallons of water flooded out. 
 
 Being an inventor was confusing, Veronica thought as she forced her own smile to return the mayor's.
