
 The day when John first met Sarah was a typical day for John. 
 
 
 At 6:30, John's alarm went off to get him up for work, at the office. He let out a moan, turned the alarm off, whipped the blanket off of him, and then put his socked feet on the hardwood floor sitting up on his bed. John let another moan and rubbed his temples, from the throbbing headache he had from drinking himself silly last night. 
 
 John then felt something rising quickly out of his stomach and into his mouth, and ran down the hall trying to make sure he got to the toilet in time. When he got to the doorway of the bathroom, he could n't hold the puke in his mouth any longer and sent it all over the bathroom floor. 
 
 “ Fuck ” was John's first word of the day. 
 
 John went into his hallway closet to fetch his mop and without wetting the mop he tried to soak up the vomit, but instead he just slushed the brown liquid and white chunks all over his tiles. Yesterday for dinner, John drank a bottle of whiskey and the last thing he ate was a tuna sandwich for lunch yesterday at work. 
 
 Fumes rose up from the putrid mess and made John gag and hold his breath. When he could n't hold in his breath anymore, he let out a big breath out of his mouth and started breathing long and carefully out of his mouth making sure not to smell it. 
 
 After pushing it around awhile with the mop, his hunger hit like a wall and he ran downstairs into the kitchen to fill his stomach. His stomach did n't have the patience to wait for eggs, toast, or even cereal, so he grabbed a bag of chips out of his cabinet, opened them up and shoveled them into his mouth as fast as he could to satisfy his appetite. 
 
 After eating the chips for a little the salt got to him and he went over to the fridge to fetch a glass of water. While drinking the water he looked out his window, into his front yard. Past the front yard, was a neighborhood street, and on the street corner there was a girl waiting for a bus. 
 
 John starred at the girl as he moved across his kitchen and sat down at his kitchen table with his glass of water. The girl had thick brown hair with bangs, which she kept tucked behind her left ear. She had big sky blue eyes that John could see from all the way inside his house. The girl had her backpack hanging on one of her shoulders and she had her weight shifted more towards her one leg. 
 
 John's boxers rose an half an inch and then he checked his phone for the time. 7:36! 7:36! John was supposed to be at work in 4 minutes, but he still had clean the puke upstairs and get dressed. Then he went through the contacts on his phone and started a call. 
 
 “ Hello! Thanks for calling Wagner bank, how may we help you today? ” greeted a perky receptionist. 
 “ Hey it's uh ” John sounding raspy and clearing his thought. “ John McCauley. ” 
 “ Oh hey, John. ” the perky receptionist changing her tone to annoyed. “ What's it today? Sick again? ” 
 John let out a nervous chuckle “ Uh yeah. ” Then did a fake cough. 
 “ This is the 17th time this month, Mr. McCauley. ” 
 “ Yeah, I'm really sorry, I just have been having this real bad stomach flu lately coming back in forth or whatever. ” 
 “ Sure you have, John, sure you have. Have a nice day off. ” Then she hanged up the phone. 
 
 John let out a sigh and then looked back at the pretty girl waiting on the corner. 
 
 Her breasts were about the size of his fist and they stretched the t-shirt that she was wearing. The girl had soft fair white legs that were very exposed, because of how short her shorts were, and her baby cakes were not very big, but did have tone and definition to them. 
 
 John's half boner that he had a couple seconds ago grew into a full erection, and then he started jerking off aggressively. After about 30 seconds he felt like he was going to finish so he ran over to his kitchen sink, put his leg on top of the counter, and forced his dick down into the direction of the drain, and finished. 
 
 He stood in the same position, with his one leg on top of the counter, and put his hands on his hips, catching his breath. The girl waiting on the corner looked over at him, through his kitchen window, and for a half a second John and her made eye contact, and then he quickly ducked behind his cabinets. 
 
 John waited for a little and then stood up slowly to see if the girl was still looking at him, but when he stood up enough to see though his kitchen window, the girl's school bus came to pick her up.
