Cold and Dark. The night was one of those nights that inhibited paranoia. As I walked I looked back and swore I saw someone following me but I could n't tell, I could n't quite see. I hurried my pace to the bus stop realizing I may just be scaring myself. Then I heard foot steps and looked back and saw two men speaking to each other while walking behind me. I saw the bus stop a few blocks ahead and thought the broken street lights seemed to be on their side. I thought I had made it, I thought they were farther back. 
 
 
 
 
 I felt someone grab my shoulder with such force that let me instantly know they were n't going to tell me I had dropped something. I turned quickly my breath already becoming rushed, hands shaky with the sudden instant surge of adrenaline. `` Give me your fuckin wallet'' The smaller man said in a hurry. For a second I thought it weird that in his life I am impeding him. I was frozen in fear and the big man without warning punched me straight in the stomach, I bent over and he pushed me down on the sidewalk. I felt hands going in my pockets and grabbing my phone and wallet. More kicks, more pain and the fear of it getting worse. I heard one of them say `` Your name is Kristoff, Ha, what a stupid name'' 
 
 
 They had what they wanted but still they kept beating, then an unfortunate kick to my head that sent the world ringing and my thoughts escaped me. I felt as if someone else was there for a second, as if someone else was standing over me. And then the yell, a type of scream I've never heard before. Pain mixed with horror and splash of surprise. I opened my black and bruised eyes and was not prepared for what I saw. The big man lay on the floor with a leg missing, blood wetting the sidewalk. And all I could think of was how can it be that bright if its so dark. I stood up confused and still fearful. The small man had pulled his gun and was pointing it at me. But I had not done this, I was on the floor weak and defenseless... why fear me. 
 
 
 `` Do n't move you asshole look what you did to Tim'' the small man said. `` I, I, I'' I could n't even speak as I raised my trembling hands. Whatever the small man saw he saw it coming for him and shot at me. BANG! the gun shot rang but strangely it seemed muffled compared to the beating I had just withstood. I saw something around me, a blur of a kind, a form that you can never really be sure you've seen. And nothing hit me, I looked up and saw the small man standing there with his gun pointed at me. And in the darkness i realized the morbid reality. His had been picked right off. Next to him it lay with the look of surprise still upon it. 
 
 
 I did the only thing I could do, I ran. I ran past the bus stop as thoughts ran through my head. Thoughts of my child hood and bullies being pulled out of school for being strangely bruised. My step father dieing so suddenly in his sleep. All of them harming me, all of them using me to relieve their pains in life. What am I that could have done that? What am I assuming could have happened? What am I?
