Bob sat down at his desk at exactly 8:30 AM, as he did every morning. He situated the few materials left scattered about his desk from last night ’ s hard work until he got them perfectly organized, as he did every morning. His job was mundane and basically one repetitive task after the other until the clock slowly ticked away up to 5 PM. He turned his computer on at precisely 8:35, as he did every morning, knowing it would be fully booted and ready for use at 8:37, as it was every morning. The computers his company used were old and obsolete, he thought bemusedly. No hope for any more advanced computers than this, his mind added. 
 Once the computer was fully loaded, Bob set about his everyday tasks. He would examine expense reports and create reports based on those examinations. Travel to and from off-site facilities were approved, visits to that nice restaurant one town over on your lunch break were not. Bob, very focused on the task at hand, rigorously scrutinized every entry from every request he was given. He liked being the one to catch the smallest details, nothing would escape his impeccable eye. That is until he reached an entry, which had no address or details included. 
 
 Great, he thought, now I have to research this place online and see if it ’ s an acceptable expenditure. He quickly pulled up the website for the company in question, however to gain more information he needed to sign up and register for the website. What kind of company doesn ’ t allow the general public to see its contact information? He thought to himself. He sat and stared at the screen for a moment, as he would any time he was faced with a light conundrum, but quickly found himself unable to just leave the site, as he was compelled to complete this report given to him. He needed to know more about this company and this was the only way. 
 
 He quickly made a username and password, and proceeded to the next screen, bringing him to a captcha verification page. The page read, to ensure you ’ re a human please enter the code given in the image. Easy, Bob thought as the computer slowly loaded the image of a house, the frame pulled up to a gold plated address indicator on the front door of the home. His eyes squinted at the numbers, and he couldn ’ t understand why he had trouble reading these numbers. “ 5…no 8..5..3..no that ’ s not a 3..its a..um… ” Bob felt confused. He decided it best to not overthink this, must just be tired, he had been working a lot, so he just entered the first 4 numbers he believed he saw. 
 
 The page reloaded itself, again asking him to verify he is human with a captcha image on the screen. Okay, he thought, that last image was just low quality, I ’ ll just get it this time. A picture of a word lightly distorted by static appeared. He couldn ’ t understand what this word might be. Bob started growing frustrated. He quickly typed out the word as best as he could make it out but again the page reloaded. This time showing him another image. Bob started to feel hot and perspire, as he tried again and again to input the information given him on the captcha screen to no avail. He could not process that his powers of detail and scrutiny might be failing him, Bob felt really hot now, like he was overheating. The words just kept flashing through his mind. Verify you ’ re human… verify you ’ re human… verify you ’ re human…until sparks began to emit from him. “ Am I…am…I…I ’ m…not….hu-human? ” 
 
 IT came to collect Bob when his sensors showed signs of overheating. He could hear them over him, see them scratching their heads, unsure of how to assist. “ Well on this kind of budget we couldn ’ t hope for any more advanced AI than this ” he heard one say, the other nodding in ascent added “ Guess it was just time to upgrade ” Bob felt the hand on his back jimmy open a small compartment, the hand lingered on a small button as he heard his final words “ At least this one lasted longer. ”
