She accomplishes her morning routine with the hopes that what she wears will influence her to be the confident girl she wants to be. She brushed her brown, highlight streaked hair, then twisted it into some type of braid the night before. Her hair is one of her most cherished attributes. She only feels right when it looks right. It's long with slight layers, all of her highlights strategically placed under her natural dark brown hair, so that when she incorporates it into a braid everyone will admire the pop of natural color. It truly shines after she takes out the braid, her side bangs becoming a part of her new delicate waves in her mane. She feels new, vibrant, flirtatious even. She then continues to paint her face with foundation that she swears enhances her complexion, never covers it. Concealer is her best friend. In one sweep of a finger, she finds that she can wipe away all the evidence of trauma from the restless sleep before. She is most proud of the way she can extend her long eyelashes and curl them. She's always had large, light brown eyes, but found them to be rather dull until she adds mascara. Then she -- and everyone -- can see her transformation. Her face glows, her eyes bright. Obviously her best facial aspect. There's not much to do about the slight bump in her nose -- she also swears that it came to be because she dove into the kiddie pool and scraped it when she was younger -- but she finds a way to love it. The same ca n't be said about her lips. Her bottom lip is fuller than the top, she feels uncomfortable about the lack of symmetry. To top it all off her smile is suffocated by metal. She yearns to be like the celebrities with full, gorgeous, kissable lips, but knows such wishes could never be granted. Of course plastic surgery would help, but she could never -- would never -- surgically alter her face in any way. For she knows that the face she was given by God is hers and only hers. There is no other face like it. Sure, she would love to swap it out with another from time to time. But the one that she has now will forever be hers and nobody else's.
