`` Hey, man.'' I met Derrick at the bus stop and gave him a tired nod. `` How'd you sleep?'' I knew that his species did n't sleep, but I liked to ask him anyway as a little joke. He did n't know that I knew that he did n't sleep. 
 
 His handsome holographic image grinned, but his real face looked worried, as it usually did when he had to lie. Grotfer were n't good at lying. `` I slept fine,'' he answered. My glasses could see straight through his holographic image to the rubbery blue skin underneath. It had taken me a while to get a hang of the Grotfer species' facial expressions, but'worry' was one that I knew well. Derrick and his family were all from the Andromeda galaxy, and they'd been refugees on Earth for the past three years. And they were *constantly* worried that they'd be found out, either by the humans all around them, or the tribal chieftan that they'd betrayed on their own world. 
 
 `` No strange dreams?'' I could n't help but enjoy grilling him a bit. Ever know a big secret about someone that is constantly *bursting* to come out? That's my life, every single day. With a thousand different secrets. 
 
 Derrick shook his head again, and reached into his backpack for a notebook. `` Hey, did you finish the trig homework for last night? What did you get for Question 7?'' He had learned trigonometry when he was still a pupa, but his family made him go to school and pretend to learn like a normal human. He did n't need help with Question 7, he just did n't want to talk about sleep anymore. And he'd carefully phrased his question so that he would n't have to lie: he never said that *he* had trouble with it, but he *implied it*. They were certainly learning a lot from their time on Earth. 
 
 Our conversation was interrupted by the arrival of Kyle. `` t equals -9 Pi divided by 4,'' he answered as he took a seat next to us on the bench. We both rolled our eyes at him ( and Derrick had twice as many eyes as I did ). Unlike Derrick, Kyle had n't quite learned the art of covering up how much he really knew. I'd even had to knock him out a few times and change some of his code to not be such an insufferable know-it-all. The fake data that I'd implanted had taken him down a peg or two when he utterly failed World History. It may sound petty to you, but I *swear* it's in his own interest: who knows how the'people' in this town would react if they found out he was an android? As Caretaker, I could n't let that happen. I had a duty to save him from himself. 
 
 The yellow bus pulled up in front of us with a pnuematic hiss and the door popped open with a groan. The three of us climbed on board and headed toward a few open seats near the back. We passed by Mark, the high school quarterback and also werewolf. It was still a week until the full moon, but his 5 o'clock shadow was already at least a centimeter long, and he'd probably shaved it less than an hour ago. He'd look like a full-on lumberjack by 8th period. He was sitting with Susan, who was doing remarkably well on her new set of legs; most mermaids have a hard time adjusting to the surface. We continued down the row past a vampire, some nymphs, a cyclop, a Jinn, and any number of other creatures. They were all wearing their appropriate Supervisor-issued disguises, and each thought that the others were human. 
 
 Kyle and Derrick piled into into one seat, leaving no room for me. Derrick shot me a sly look and nodded ever so slightly to the one remaining open seat, behind them and across the row. The other seat there was occupied by none other than Larissa. She glanced up at me, gave a shy smile, then looked straight back down at the book in her lap. It was supposed to look like a biology textbook, but my glasses allowed me to see through her Glamour, revealing the runes and spells that she was studying. I know it's improper for a Caretaker to become... let's say'attached' to one of the subjects, but I could n't help it. Hell, if it were n't for my immunity to her magic, one would think that she'd cast a love spell on me. She was smart, funny, sweet, beautiful... everything I could ask for. And it was just a little crush; what harm could it do? The Supervisors never had to know about that. 
 
 I took a step forward and cleared my throat. Kyle and Derrick were snickering and poking me in the back, trying to move me forward into the seat next to her. `` Do.. ahem... do you mind if I... you know...'' I could n't even get the question out. 
 
 She blinked with her long lashes and bit her lower lip. `` Sit?'' she asked with a bit of a laugh. 
 
 I laughed nervously with her and nodded. And then the brakes of the bus screamed violently and I was thrown to the floor as the vehicle came to a shuddering stop. The other students all piled onto the left side of the bus to look at something. I heard a number of gasps and cries, and the driver scrambled out the front of the bus. I shot Larissa a quick look of apology and slipped quietly out the back. 
 
 Old Man Litsch lay in the middle of the street. At least, his torso and upper body did. Most of him had been thrown clear when the driver plowed into him, but his legs were still jammed under the front tires. And he was howling in pain. 
 
 `` Another suicide attempt, Litsch?'' I asked. He nodded. It was the fourth attempt this week. Poor guy had definitely had a hard life; I could n't blame him. Nazi experimentation had robbed him of his family and any semblance of normality, but given him the gift of everlasting life. His nickname, `` Old Man,'' was a reference to the fact that he was now the oldest living human on Earth at the ripe old age of 127. And as far as the Supervisors could tell, he'd keep on living regardless of how much he wanted to die. 
 
 `` Come on,'' I told the bus driver, who was also a Caretaker. `` Help me put him back together.'' We managed to wrench his legs out from under the tires and put them back into the right place. Tendrils of skin snaked together like stitches and then sucked everything into the right place before sealing up tight, good as new. I helped Litsch to his feet and sent him back to his cardboard mat on the sidewalk surrounded by empty bottles of booze. The Supervisors would probably have to assign a Caretaker just for him soon, because the rest of us were unable to keep track of him and keep cleaning up his messes. 
 
 The students were still staring out the bus windows, horrified by what they'd seen. Well, mostly horrified: Gina, the vampire, looked hungry. I held up my Memory Drain device, changed the range to a 30 meter radius, and set it off. I was back on the bus getting everyone back into the seats before they knew what was happening. I smiled at Larissa next to me, still in a bit of a daze and pretending to read her spellbook. At least the Memory Drain had allowed me to bypass that bit of awkwardness. 
 
 By the time the effect wore off completely, we were on our way to school as normal and no one else had any recollection of what had happened to Litsch. Just another day for a Caretaker. 
 
 -- -- 
 
 If you enjoyed this one, you should consider subscribing to /r/Luna_Lovewell, too! Even if I do n't get to it today, I might continue this story at a later date! 

