I do n't think there is a person alive who has ever seen the sun, yet not a one doubts its existence. 
 
 *'' In the last great story there exists a man, who grew great wings of silver feathers. He was blonde of hair with brilliant blue eyes. An unsullied portrait of our muddled and dark species today. He was an angel and his name was Hildalphous. With his great silver wings, Hildalphous beat back the encroaching black cloth that blanketed our skies. He fought with the breath of a great whale that lived deep in his lungs and the power of an albatross that filled his wings with fury. Day and night, on endless cycle, Hildalphous bravely fought to keep the darkness at bay. 
 
 `` But the humans below has little love for this hero. This man, as they believed, was their enemy, for Hildalphous fought to keep the skies the way they were. He was afraid of change. So when the day came when Hildalphous' wings tired and his breath grew short he called for aid from below, but the men only laughed and offered no heed. The men below continued in their ways, polluting our water, our land, our skies. Alone, Hildalphous tired and he fell. His silver wings had become tarnished and weathered, yet as he fell the last ray of sun gleamed off his old body. Then the darkness folded over the world, and the hero was lost to the sharp-toothed beasts below. *'' 
 
 Soot stared up at her mother with her large black eyes and Plaster tousled her daughter's hair. It was the same story every night, but it Plaster did n't mind. She loved the way it opened her daughter's eyes with wonder, awakening a truth deep within. A truth neither could prove, but was there all the same. Faith, as it was, unprovable, yet sacred in their hearts. It had been centuries upon centuries since the last human laid eyes upon that blue veil that now hung placidly over the meager existence. Plaster gently kissed her daughter's forehead. 
 
 `` Now sleep little muskrat. Tomorrow is the big day.'' 
 
 Soot sat up from her grey pillow, `` But mom! That's not how the story ends!'' She had a look on her face as one who had been robbed of something. 
 
 Plaster only smiled back, `` That's how it ends tonight, now sleep.'' 
 
 Soot, frustrated, fell back onto her pillow. She gave a little whine as well before saying, `` But you forgot about the parts where the hero lands in the din of the sharp-toothed beasts! You forgot about how they tried to tear his beautiful silver wings from him and steal his breath! You even forgot about the part where Hildalphous bathes himself in the light of immolating fire!'' 
 
 `` Hush now Soot.'' Plaster replied in a firm motherly tone. She gracefully traced a finger through Soot's long black hair. `` I'll finish the story tomorrow. A good story always leaves the listener in suspense.'' 
 
 Soot continued to pout, `` It's not so good when the listener knows the end.'' Under the dim light of the incandescents, Plaster saw that Soot gave her a pouty lip. A last ditch attempt to coax the end from her mother. Plaster only gave her another kiss on the forehead and retreated from Soot's room. 
 
 Before she could leave Soot piped up once again, `` Is it true mom? Is it true that the sky is as blue as his eyes and the sun as golden as his hair? Is it true the silver from his wings scattered across the sky in tiny, shimmering shards?'' 
 
 At the threshold of Soot's room Plaster turned and gave her a wry wink and a grin, `` I guess you'll have to find out tomorrow.'' Then she was gone into the dim lit hallway, leaving Soot to her dreams and fantasies. 
 
 The next morning the shuttle took off in a bright flash of red and orange. Plaster watched it sail up and up into the black clouds. With tears in her eyes she watched the light from the engine fade into the thick pollution. On board the shuttle was Soot and 299 other people, flying headlong for *Haven*, the city in the sky. A paradise creation that floated above the thick pollution. It was determined by lottery who would go, Plaster had won a ticket for herself, but she would never leave her daughter, so she gave it to Soot. 
 
 When the rocket finally faded from view, Plaster quietly recounted the end of her story, 
 
 *'' Hildalphous fell into the deep dark din of the sharp-toothed beasts. He was weary and hurt from his fall and all around him, the hero could see the beasts come closer. The beasts hissed terrible things at the hero, they laughed at his pathetic and tarnished state, and they licked their slobbering jowls preparing to strike. They went first for Hildalphous' wings, but the tarnished silver held fast again their sharp claws. Then the beasts tried to steal Hildalphous' breath, but their sharp teeth could not pierce his throat. The sharp-toothed things worried at the hero for many days and nights, cutting claw and tooth against Hildalphous. 
 
 `` No matter how hard they tried they could not break the man with blonde hair and blue eye. In fact as they continued their savage attack their claws cut away the tarnish from his silver wings, and their teeth worked breath back into the hero's lungs. Then one day Hildalphous stood and tossed back his attackers. In those dark times the sun had already been hidden for years, behind the black pollution, but still Hildalphous' body emanated light. His blonde hair was as golden and as bright as the sun, his blue eyes gleamed in an astounding blue, so deep and beautiful, and his silver wings scattered reflections across the face of Earth. Bathed in the light of the hero the sharp-toothed beast's true nature was revealed. They were man, they were dirty, ugly creatures of filth, and rot, and poison. They bared their horrible teeth at the light and then turned and ran. Back into the darkness that they themselves created. 
 
 `` Hildalphous then lit himself aflame. His lustrous increased ten fold and any man near his presence was incinerated. The power of the hero lifted him upward through the black pollution and into the heavens. Hildalphous scattered himself across the sky and in his scattering, he knocked away the black cloth that hung over the Earth. He became the sun, and the sky, and the stars, the light of life. `` * 
 
 Plaster sighed to herself. Somewhere high above her daughter would live out her days above this black shroud. She would spend her life in the warmth of the sun.
