When they re-established contact with Earth, they were laughed at, their ship called a'textbook example of poorly-programmed AI'. It carried their cryogenically preserved bodies through the galaxy in search of a planet with conditions suited for human habitation, and when it found one, autonomously established a city-sized colony for them to inhabit. Unfortunately, the conditions suitable for human habitation do not extend much further than the colony itself, because it perches atop a barren plateau which pokes up through an interminable sea of beautiful, toxic gases. 
 
 In the pursuit of more habitable space, numerous directions have been studied - tacking more structure onto the edges of the city has worked so far, as has simply building taller and taller above the plateau. However, other plateaus exist which could also support similar colonies; in addition, artificial habitats might be made to float on the boundary between the soup of deadly gases and the breathable region of the atmosphere, and according to some proposed plans, domed cities built at the actual solid surface ( like those on other less-friendly worlds ) might be an ideal solution. 
 
 While the first few solutions are pursued by more cautious investors, Yukon Interstellar Housing were interested in surface real-estate on the planet Misma. In order to even conceive of such ventures, however, they needed to know the actual conditions at the bottom of the gaseous ocean. Since even the smartest probes never return, they outsourced the exploration to Hazard Scouts exploration, a small company which made a profit by doing the most dangerous scouting jobs in all of Human-owned space. 
 
 What follows is a historical account, constructed from multiple sources, of the Hazard Scouts Eagle Crew's ill-fated mission to the true surface of the planet Misma. 
 
 -- - 
 
 The Eagle Crew had four members when it was assigned to explore the surface of Misma. Allen Martinson, Janet Ecstein, Carrie Belmont, and Herbert Thorley. With the exception of Thorley ( a new hire ), each was an experienced explorer of hostile alien environments. 
 
 Martinson, the Mission Operator, led the crew with five years of experience in exploring hostile planets. He oversaw the movement and actions of the crew through a personal display device he carried, which showed live feeds of the crewmembers' helmet-mounted cameras, recordings of which were the main source used in this reconstruction of the mission. According to his colleagues, Martinson was a friendly man and a talented leader, successfully resolving deadly situations with no loss of life on multiple previous occasions. 
 
 Ecstein was a biologist and first-contact specialist. Her wheelhouse was things that were alive, but she also dabbled in exotic fossilization ( the possible remains of previously-living aliens ) and xenogenesis ( the potential for alien life to arise later ). These fields were in their infancy at the time, and her limited knowledge would prove insufficient to deal with what the Eagle Crew would find at the surface of Misma. By all accounts she was very professional, and was even described as'level-headed' by Martinson and by Belmont as'a cool cat'. 
 
 Belmont was an astrogeologist by training and a mountaineer by hobby; both served her well in her employment at Hazard Scouts. She carried the surveying equipment, intended to help compensate for the vision-obscuring gases by mapping out the surrounding terrain with electromagnetic imaging and transmitting that data to the helmet-mounted displays of the crewmembers. No records remain of her personal life; it is speculated that she did not keep any, preferring to remain solitary outside her day job. 
 
 Thorley had been hired about a month previously, and had spent most of the intervening time undergoing training regimens and practicing in simulations to ensure he would be prepared for his first field mission. His assignment to Eagle Team was officially documented as'field training', as their next mission was expected to be a simple, run-of-the-mill mapping run of an inhospitable but static environment. 
 
 Martinson was the only one to return from the surface of Misma. What details are not shown on the records of the helmet-mounted cameras have been provided by his testimony. 
 
 -- - 
 
 More to follow...
