Kiro wetted the tip of his mop with a swoosh and a twist, like a paintbrush. He mopped the hall, back and forth along the tile, the mop head evenly and delicately coating the floor in watery sheen, never touching where it already had been. It was beautiful, as artistic as mopping could be. 
 
 BBRRRING! Kiro stopped. BBRRRING! Probably a fire drill. He retreated with his mop and bucket to the janitorial closet and swapped it for a dry mop. The hall would need to be dry for the kids pouring through. BBRRRING! He retraced the sheen on the floor with mechanical speed. He stopped and looked up, curious. No one was pouring through. Where were they? Was there really a fire? He started sniffing the air. 
 
 A man burst into the hall, gun in hand. `` It's just a crazy old janitor,'' he called behind him. Two more men joined them. Kiro's eyes grew and he dropped his mop and held his hands up. They caught up to him, grabbed him, and took him into a nearby empty classroom. They sat him down into a desk, forcefully enough to shift from it's perfect place in the rows and columns he had set them in just an hour ago. He grunted and looked around at them. 
 
 `` You got yourself into some shit here, janitor.'' 
 
 `` But you probably deal with shit all day long, huh?'' They all laughed. They tromped around the classroom. One produced a flask of whiskey. One knocked a desk over. 
 
 CRASH! This made Kiro wince. The sound of the desk reverberated in his ears. They knocked another desk over. 
 
 CRASH! It boomed and echoed in his head. 
 
 He could see particles of dust fly up from the floor. Everything slowed down: yelling and bustle outside, footsteps in the hall, the men laughing and drinking from the flask, spilling on themselves and the floor. The whiskey falling to the carpet was like a raging river crashing onto rocks below. They drank and bumped into desks. He could sense the asymmetry of their clothes and faces, and smell the horrible odors they excreted. The guns were all sloppily tucked in their waist bands. The one on the left was not cocked. Their hands in unready positions. One held the liquor. They laughed, eyes off him. 
 
'Clear your mind, Kiro.' He closed his eyes and breathed in.'Strength in balance.' 
 
 Still sitting, he placed his feet in symmetry, and his body followed.'Ready.' 
 
 The janitor opened his eyes.
