I am the smartest among my people, the klathu, which are among the most intelligent in the quadrant. Only one thing amazes me, confuses me, even dumbfounds me. How stupid the race known as humans are. How they complain about this. Or complain about that. They scream out into space as loud as they can. Yet they lack the technology to receive any response. They do n't yet speak the galactic language yet. They argue over what language they should speak, or have wars over a primitive fuel. Pathetic. 
 
 Yet, the potential they hold, terrifies me. Not everybody sees past the flaws,'they still have external genitals, there is no way they can stand up to our evolutionary achievements.'' is what they say. 
 
 But I know differently, they have tapped into things that no other species could. 2 of their years ago they discovered what they called the higgs boson. Every culture in the quadrant theorized it's existence, but not one could find it. But the humans, they did, even without the genius of a thousand cultures. They are the ones. Although not many cultures found out that these monkeys are the ones. The highest in the quadrant decided with a small group who would'discover' it. It is also noteworthy that the humans showing everyone up followed immediately by there falling on there face. Every species that found out about the new particle and how to get it swiftly found out how it could be useful. It controls the very mass of everything, so naturally it revolutionized everything. 
 
 But it was n't then that I realized their intelligence. It was when I crashed. I will spare the details, it was quite embarrassing, but I landed in this man's field. I was able to minimize the damage but the landing rendered me unconscious, and busted my ship in many areas. And i had n't the parts or the knowhow to fix it. 
 
 When I cam to i found myself in a tiny room, furnished with artifacts just slightly smaller than they should be. At first I was confused. Then I saw a creature, I recognized it to be human. `` Howdy, big guy'' 
 
 At first I was dumbfounded, this primitive thing has taken me into it's home not knowing a thing about me. It smiled or so I think, among many that is universal, so I assumed it was for humans, `` you not from around here? Are you.'' 
 
 `` No, I am not'' I replied, in my own tongue, and my universal translator responded a second later telling him in his. 
 
 He chuckled `` that was a joke big guy, you have arms that come to your knees, and you are a full 11 feet tall, with grey skin! Nothing like that round here'' 
 
 `` My vehicle'', I snapped, not wanting to get caught up in some low conversation about how we do n't look the same. But truly I was slightly offended he thought my clothes were my skin. `` Where is it, I ca n't be here much longer. The air is poison to me.'' this was a complete lie. No species in the universe as far as we know do n't breath just like the humans. Cept for a water dweller. I just wanted to shut him up. So I could get back to my surveying of different stars. 
 
 `` Well it took me a bit to figure out. But I think I know what's wrong with it.'' he said in a tone that sounded somewhat proud. `` I even think I know why you crashed'' at first I thought this was ridiculous, that this unevolved creature could figure out my ship. In fact from what i gathered this thing was a farmer, he actually gathers plant matter for other of his kind to eat. But remembering the boson I inquired. 
 
 `` Yup, ya see, I found where the fuel should go, and found something glowing in it, figured that was alright, ya are an alien after all, but if ya follow this line that goes into the engine, there is a break in it, yur leaking every where, man. That caused something in the back to blow'' he said all of this like he was absolutely sure what was going on. He had many thing's right. Although him calling the hyper drive combuster an engine was a tad primitive he was on the right track. And the glowing bit, he was inches away from a mixture that his species never laid there eyes on before, I was amazed he correctly identified it as fuel. 
 
 `` You are smarter than you look'' 
 
 `` I get that a lot, ya want me to fix-er-up for ya?'' 
 
 `` You do n't have the right metals here, but a temporary fix using some titanium from this earth may be enough to get me home'' 
 
 After that he fixed me up, it only took one of their planet's days, ( an afternoon for my species ), while he was getting the pipe, I wrote down a formula for a much stronger form of titanium that the earth would n't be able to invent for another hundred rotations. I told him to tell no one about me, told him of this metal, and left, to do my job. Terrified, of what I had done. I had given them a tool that could allow them to get into even playing grounds with us. Knowing of there warmongering ways, I regret doing what I did. But also, slightly excited, for how it will all turn out.
