I often make poor decisions. 
 
 My friend, Ethan, suggested that I learn the bass, some time ago. 
 “ It suits your style. ” Was what he said, and nothing else. Of course, why would there be a reason for an explanation? Especially now, when we could simply take all that potential years of practice, and study – years of wasting away, and download it straight to your brain. It was a convenient and effortless way to just do, without all the hassle and frustration. 
 It was easy. 
 
 But I had all the time in the world. So I decided to work on it. 
 
 It was a winter morning, the breeze was cool and refreshing and it had a zesty smell that I find hard to describe. I was sitting by the porch with Ethan, plucking away on my bass as he sat beside me, watching as he smoked. He watched as I pluck clumsily with my right hand and my left gliding across the fret board, trying to play a simple tune. It did n't sound so impressive, but that didn ’ t matter to me. 
 
 I was enjoying it regardless. 
 
 He took a deep puff. He shook his head and tried to speak as the smoke barely crawled out of his mouth. 
 
 “ Look, Nate. I asked you to learn the bass, but I didn ’ t think you ’ d do it like this. ” He said. 
 
 I stopped, and turned to him. “ What are you talking about? It ’ s better this way. ” 
 
 “ But it ’ s a waste of time. You could ’ ve been a proper bassist long ago if you ’ d just download the damned skill. ” He drew another puff and blew rings out of his mouth. 
 
 “ You just don ’ t know how to appreciate some things in life. ” 
 
 He grew impatient. Just that kind of guy I suppose. He has been within an earshot as I practiced for about a year now. He listened as I played, and often joked about how slow my progress was. But at least he said so himself. It was slow, but I was making progress. 
 
 But then he got cocky. 
 
 He finished his cigarette and turned time with a grin on his face. He cleared his throat. “ Okay how about we do this, ” He began. “ Tonight, I will download just the basics on playing bass. And we ’ ll face off tomorrow, in front of our other pals. ” 
 Of course, I looked at him with a raised brow. “ Are you serious? ” 
 “ Yea, dead serious, ” He replied. “ I ’ m going to show you that I ’ ll make more progress overnight, than you in several months. And then finally you ’ d cut the crap and download it like everyone else in the world. ” 
 I knew. It was obvious, because it would be easy. Just like that, he would surpass me at my level of knowledge playing the bass. I would have just swallowed my pride and give a half-hearted laugh. But I guess I was cocky too. 
 
 “ You ’ re on. ” I said “ I ’ ll make you eat those words, asshole. ” 
 “ Then it ’ s settled. ” He stood and walked away. “ I ’ m going to get started on this cake walk. I ’ m bouncing, dickhead. ” He waved at me, wearing that smug grin on his face. 
 
 How I wish he ’ d wipe it off. 
 That day came quicker than I imagined. It was as if time was set on fast-forward, so eager to watching me embarrass myself in front of my friends. I had little sleep, I spent all night practicing, and being frustrated at the mistakes I made. I simply played, and played, and played, until I lost track of time. And here I am, standing in front of the group, tired, bass gripped firmly in hand. 
 
 I regret not swallowing my pride. 
 Ethan made his way toward me. He examined me and let out a laugh. “ Nate, you don ’ t look so good. ” 
 He extended a hand, asking for the bass. I forgot he didn ’ t have one. I tried my best not to turn and run, that would only make me look like a coward. I passed it to him half-heartedly. He leaned close to me and looked me in the eye. 
 
 “ Let me show you what you could ’ ve been months ago. ” 
 
 And he did. He did just that. The technique he displayed, the rhythm, the tune. It was excellent. It wasn ’ t just the basics. I could tell. He went and one upped me and downloaded the advance skillset just because he could. The thumps were clear and crisp, his hands glided across the board gracefully, and his fingers crawled across each note with precision and agility. 
 
 I felt the colour drain from my face. What in the hell was I thinking? That was the worst moment of my life. By the end of it, he had our friends laughing and cheering. And looked at me with confidence, confidence he very well much didn ’ t deserve. It was unfair. 
 Because of how easy it was. 
 
 He walked toward me and handed the bass over. He saw his lips move but I very much wasn ’ t listening at that point. But I saw his lips, and by the way it moved, I made it out as a taunt. 
 
 “ Have fun. ” 
 
 He pushed me in front of the crowd. I was quivering, nervous. I don ’ t want to do this anymore. I felt all eyes on me so I might as well get this over with. 
 
 I began to play. 
 I fumbled with the strings. I barely made out a solid note. But I played anyway. I kept playing. I played as if no one was watching me, as if no one was listening. I just shut it out, the whole world, until it was just me. Then I remembered why I did it this way, the long route. 
 It was actually kind of fun. 
 At that point I stopped caring. I just played what I knew, played what I can. My technique could still use some work, my sound wasn ’ t as crisp, and the rhythm was a bit off. But I found myself moving with it anyway. I felt a smile start to form on my face. And then I heard clapping synced to my playing. I turned and saw Ethan, still with his smug grin, still with his confident flair. 
 Clapping to the tunes I played. 
 Then the small crowd followed suit. They were really enjoying themselves, alongside me. I played for what seemed like an hour, stopped for short breaks and then I would play again. It was getting dark, and the crowd thinned one by one. 
 
 Ethan was the last to leave. He waved as he walked. 
 
 “ I ’ m bouncing, dickhead! ” He yelled. 
 
 “ Yea, later. Asshole! ” I yelled back. 
 
 I was outplayed. I felt as though the time I spent was for nothing. But that never mattered, it never mattered at all. At the end of the day, I had fun. And that was good enough for me. But sounding the way Ethan did? That was awesome. I guess maybe, I should push a little harder. 
 It was a winter morning, the breeze was cool as always, and smelled the same. And here I am still sitting by the porch plucking away on my bass, Ethan still sitting beside me, smoking and watching, enjoying this little clumsy tune. 
 The clumsy tune no string of data could produce; the passion that accompanies it. 
 
 “ It really does suit you, Nate. ” Ethan looked at me with a grin on his face. “ But it doesn ’ t help that your progress is too damned slow. ” 
 I laughed it off, and plucked away. 
 
 I often make poor decisions. I guess this one wasn ’ t so bad. 

