Disorientation and nausea were what awaited me when I first awoke. My eyelashes still held some frost on them, the rest of my body felt like I'd fallen asleep in an ice-bath. Every part of my body was a cold fire for a few moments before the pod around me slowly came to life. 
 
 `` Greetings, Survivor. You have been asleep for-'' The feminine voice in my ear skipped with a scramble of white noise before continuing, `` Your emergency pickup beacon has been activated. Please hold while your internals are analyzed and repaired as necessary.'' 
 
 A soft hum fills my chilled confines as things begin to gradually warmup. The first parts of me to feel any real warmth are my fingers and toes, followed slowly by the rest of my body, a dull ache still present in my lower abdomen. I croak as I open my mouth, my voice almost completely shot after who knows how many years of lack of use. Barely a second passes after I open my mouth before a matte grey rod extends from next to my head and inserts a straw in my mouth. My eyes open wide a little in shock as the straw forces its way into my throat, the liquid it forces me to swallow almost feeling like my body is on fire for a few seconds. 
 
 Vision blurring for a moment, I finally feel the strength to move my head. The compartment is dimly lit by the various status indicators and monitors present in my escape pod. My body is tightly held in place by various straps, preventing me from being injured by too much movement while asleep. 
 
 `` Defrost process... 85 % complete. Your Kidneys, Liver, and a toe are in need of repair. Please remain relaxed, Survivor.'' A needle enters the base of my neck and within seconds my visions blackens again. 
 
 When my eyes open again, I'm far more aware of my surroundings, the monitors actually making sense versus their earlier state of simply providing light. The first thing to catch my eye was a monitor with a blinking orange warning message, clearly stating,'Location Unknown: Please Remain Calm.' 
 
 The escape pod's computer continued on with her uncaring calmness, `` Procedure successful. Survival chances increased to 2 %. Status update: Contact with HFN Ignitor... No Signal Found. Contact with Human Federation Navy... No Signal Found. Contact with known Human settlements... No Signal Found. Contact with any known method of transmission... Multiple transmissions within 100 Meters located.'' 
 
 The vitals monitor to the left of my head was fluctuating wildly. Small red text at the bottom clearly stated,'Caution: Forced Calmness being administered.' The words were slowly beginning to fade into the background as the sound of my breathing increased. Despite my attempts at panicking, the chemical cocktail being forcefully injected into me was preventing me from having any form of a natural reaction to the situation. My vision kept flicking across all of the monitors. All of the red and orange warning messages did nothing to help my state of mind, that was until the computer began with the next step of the defrost process. 
 
 `` Scanning current location... General location data acquired. Survivor is currently suspended 2 Meters above solid ground. Analyzing solid ground... No data found. Analyzing Atmospheric content: Air similar to Earth norm. Registered and marked as breathable by Human standards. Gravity registered as point two standards below Earth norm. Analysis Complete: Current location hospitable to Human life. No information on life forms able to be acquired.'' 
 
 The lump in the back of my throat lessened... My head was still thick from the emergency induced cryosleep. All I could remember was there being a battle and my getting to an escape pod. As for what happened between then and now... I could n't begin to imagine. Tears began to form in my eyes as the feeling of panick slowly began to fade and all that was left was an utter sense of loneliness. 
 
 Clicking back to life once more, the computer spun up into her final part of the defrost process, `` Analysis indicates Survivor able to safely exit pod. Emergency sidearm is registering as functional and fully-loaded. Bio-lock has been locked to Survivor's DNA signature. External camera activated.'' The main monitor, displaying the information received during the various scans, swapped over to the external camera view. All that could be seen was static and a grey message box with white letters,'External Camera damaged. Please contact the Help Desk at 382-5968 for assistance with repairs.' 
 
 A hefty sigh filled the air as the bog standard and all-too-familiar message filled my screen. The want to wallow in self-pity was quickly tossed aside as a hiss filled the air, the door to the pod slowly animating. A line of light appeared through the crack that suddenly appeared. A whirring noise was quickly followed by a dull thud. 
 
 `` Automatic pod hatch control damaged. Please manually open hatch.'' Grumbling to myself, some memories beginning to trickle back through my mind, I loose my hand from the slackening bonds and give a hefty whack to the right side of the of pod. My gloved hand barely felt the impact before the computer came back on, `` Automatic pod hatch control restored.'' 
 
 This time, the door slid open fully just as I eagerly released myself from the rest of my bonds. The 2 meter fall was n't all that appreciated in my current state, but it served to wake me up. It took me a moment to realize I'd fallen face first onto some kind of metal, something my standard escape pod had n't recognized. The fall also knocked loose some of the defrost liquid I'd had to swallow, the vile green concoction spilling out from my empty stomach onto the metal before I had to chance to look up. 
 
 `` Oh my god, what the fuck...'' The words left my lips before I could even process what I was seeing. The ceiling was so tall that I could n't see it, the walls just simply going off into infinity. There were... things moving up there but they were so high up that I could n't make out what they were. Bringing my gaze back down to my level, I finally became aware of the beings surrounding me. Many were holding up silver tubes that were pointed at me, some others were holding little boxes that they held in what I could only assume were menacing gestures. Groggily, I rolled myself over and sat down, breathing heavily, getting used to the thick air that filled my lungs. It almost felt overpowering, but I was still able to breathe. I sat like that for a few minutes, the amount of creatures surrounding me growing by the second. 
 
 The grey beings stood on three legs and had four tentacles for arms. Their long faces did n't appear to have any eyes that I'd recognize and they had a horn like protrusion in the bottom of their skulls that jutted out like some gross devil's goatee. Suddenly everything snapped into focus. A mix of a dozen violent emotions crossed my face as I realized that I was alone. A war, violent end to a bloody conflict, that entire system erased from the galaxy as Humanity laid down our law in our explored reaches of space. The last memories of any human contact... A clasp of a hand with a promise to see each other again before getting into individual escape pods. 
 
 Putting my head in my hands, I wept. I wept as finally some of the beings took their alien into custody, their tentacles surprisingly strong as they forced me to my feet before dragging me away.
