He moves silently among the shadows, knowing that his own can see among its kind as well as if it were midday. But there are other dangers here. His feet soundlessly negotiate the obstacles in his way, making noise that only the tiniest of creatures can sense. Once, he hears a rustling, and he freezes, blending seamlessly into the cover of black. No one who had n't seen him slip through the few slender beams of moonlight would know he was there. 
 
 But there is one who did see, and watches him. Large, round eyes narrow in the dark as they watch him fade in and out of the pools of darkness. They watch him approach his shadow, graceful in his movement, yet furtive in his manner. His desperation flashes momentarily, and the eyes relax slightly. He wants only the shadow, then he will be gone, never to return to this place. But the eyes remain watchful, impatient for his departure. 
 
 He emits a low growl now, his quick hop and reach nearly too fast for the eyes to catch. He has it! The hidden eyes widen with an involuntary thrill as a short, silent struggle ensues. There is a shuffle, a grunt, something soft being struck, and he is victorious. He holds the shadow in his triumphant fist, his muscles flexing with the effort of retaining possession. 
 
 Now, surely, he will leave, returning the inhabitants of the dark to their comfortable, quiet world. But he does not. He sits there, right where he was standing, and begins to whisper. These are words of power, and the shaded eyes watch intently as he performs a spell to return the shadow to his being. He is nearly successful, a look of satisfaction flashing across his face before the shadow suddenly pulls free and disappears into the murk again. 
 
 The hooded eyes watch as he stares after it in shock, disbelief, and maybe a little bit of fear. He does not go after it, as the shadowed figure expects. Instead, astonishingly, his body begins to quake in fury, and a single tear slowly crawls out of the corner of his eye. 
 
 The owner of the eyes can allow this no longer. There are those who must be protected from any interlopers. He must leave, or suffer any consequences that come his way. Creeping silently on all fours, the dark figure approaches him from above. He hears nothing, his rage and frustration drowning out any noise that may warn him of danger. 
 
 The figure stops, drawing breath to shriek and alert their surroundings to peril, but stops, curiosity winning. Instead, words come to him from the shadows, causing him to start. 
 
 `` Boy, why are you crying?''
