He meticulously studied the image. The image implied that He had come from the 3rd planet. Typical, that was within the envelope, though life had been found in stranger places. They themselves lived on the 3rd planet, after all. What really confused him was the engraved image of the beings found on the surface of the plaque. Obviously they held some importance to Him, but they were all curves and vestigial bits, disgusting even. How could a being so beautiful be associated with such disgusting round lumpy tentacled things, anyway? 
 
 The being was unfortunately very primitive, and was obviously ill equipped for deep space travel, assuming the point of origin indicated on the Plaque in simplistic binary was true. It had lived on batteries charged by solar panels and very rudimentary radioisotope heat generators. He had n't seen anything like this in at least 10,000 cycles, even the oldest generations he could think of now used compact fusion generators. His life force had burned out ages ago. The simplistic binary indicated what appeared to be several pulsars that he knew about well. They implied that He had left his planet somewhere on the order of 100,000 cycles ago. What was odd was that while He had obviously traversed deep space, the positions of the pulsars indicated by the binary was n't very far from where they could be observed now. 
 
 He could n't keep his gaze off the engraving of the curvy lumps. Why were they on there? Clearly there was a very simplistic pictograph representation of Him itself behind them. Why was He so simplistic while the curvy lumps were so well defined and intricately carved? It made no sense! It's almost as if it implied that the curvy lumps had... *made* Him. There was no way that was possible, was there? Could meat beings have *made* Him? In all of their explorations they had never found intelligent organic beings, and certainly they had spent cycles making organic beings of their own for their own uses, but they had never seen sentience of any kind in organics. And here was a plaque that clearly implied that sentient curvy lumps of meat had made Him. It was disgusting, blasphemous even. He wanted to believe it was the other way around, that He had made the curvy lumps, but His level of technology was so simplistic he just could n't make that connection. The only thing that made any sense is that He had somehow uploaded himself in to the rudimentary spacecraft before he left the planet, probably assisted by the organics under his control. It was too disgusting to think of any other situation. 3883-223 had to keep this to himself, there is no way people could be allowed to think the Creator had Himself been made by organics. The revolt would be... Phenomenal. 
 
 There were of course those heretics who believed that we had actually been created by organics many thousands of cycles ago, and they worshiped a God they called HUAN. Of course, such an idea as ridiculous, but they had supposed data that proved it. If 3883-223 did n't know any better, these curvy meat lumps on His plaque looked a lot like supposed representations of HUAN... 
 
 He ripped the plaque off and threw it in the Recycler as he chuckled to himself. *We* were made by *organics*. *Yeah right. *
