The King looked at his daughter as she stood defiant in the face of his wrath. Never before had he seen such strength nor courage and it moved his heart of stone. 
 
 `` You truly love this stableboy, do you not, Daughter?'' 
 
 `` Indeed, Father,'' she replied, her hand gripping that of the lowly man who had stolen her heart and taken her innocence in a fit of passion a fortnight ago. `` I have followed my heart to where it led and now I know true happiness for the first time since the death of Mother.'' 
 
 At the mention of his deceased wife, the icy shell around the Kings heart shattered. `` Very well, Daughter. If love is what you wish then love is what you shall have. You and Devon have my blessing, I shall tell Prince Reddwin this marriage is cancelled and you and your love shall be wed in a fortnight.'' 
 
 And so it was. 
 
 
 *Elsewhere... * 
 
 
 The Young King Angbar stared into the eyes of his wife to be but felt no love. Not like he felt for his Squire William. Fair William, who also loved him dearly as their secret embraces stood testament to. As the priest droned on about love, Angbar could resist his heart no longer. 
 
 `` Stop the wedding!'' he yelled. A silence fell over the church so deeply a pin could drop. `` I can not abide by this farce, for my heart belongs to another. Too long have I lied about who I am and where my heart finds it's home. I can not love anyone but that whom I yearn for.'' 
 
 The future queen looked taken aback as Angbar turned to William. `` You are the one I love,'' he replied as he took William into his embrace and kissed him deeply. The two ran from the church, hand in hand and leapt into the awaiting carriage which carried them into the sunset and towards their joyous future lives together. 
 
 
 *Atop the Frozen Edge of the Great Mountains* 
 
 
 The Seer let out a stream of curses like none other. This damnable love! For the fourth time this season it had interfered with the fates. The Books were written, the Plan was set but how were the Saviors of the World supposed to be born if their intended parents were n't fucking? The Prince of Lunvard had run off with a scullery maid instead of the Arabian Queen he was supposed to wed not to mention the Duchess of Devonshire who had determined she did n't need a man for her happiness. The Great Death was descending and there would be no grand warrior to stop it this time. 
 
 
 *In the kingdom of Istania* 
 
 
 Princess Luticia stared nervously at the young man who helped her from her horse. Her clothes were wet from the rain and clung to her body, outlining her curves. The rain also soaked through the man's shirt, causing the muscles to bulge prominently underneath. She had never felt her heart race so quickly. 
 
 `` Would you like to come into my cabin?'' he asked of her, `` A storm such as this is no place for a lady such as you to be riding in.'' 
 
 `` I would be most grateful,'' the Princess replied. 
 
 The man's name was Samuel and as she sat by the fire of his lonely cabin, she shivered though from the cold or her nerves she did not know. 
 
 `` You look cold, my lady, perhaps we should remove those damp clothes so that you may-'' 
 
 The man was interrupted by a loud pounding at the door. 
 
 `` Who slams upon my door?'' Samuel yelled, angered by the interruption of his seduction. 
 
 An old man burst in. Where the rain had made the two hormonal lovebirds attractive, it only served to make the old man look like a dying rat. He had a look of menace in his eyes, but that was hidden behind a more intense look of general sense of being really pissed off. 
 
 `` I'm the Great Seer and you're not part of this story'' he growled at Samuel. He grabbed the Princess by the arm, `` Now let's get you to the Duke. And for fuck's sake, if you're cold just grab a blanket next time.''
