Edit: I wrote this in mind for Blake Andersen as Jeff The Protagonist, and Rhy Darby as the unnamed escort if it helps put the character's in a passive context. 
 
 Today was the day that I was subpoenaed to Earth 23, I was not told what my alt was accused of, just that an escort would be waiting outside our dimension gate when I got there. Rumor had it that Earth 23 had a cock shaped America, the first thing I did after porting and hailing a taxi was look at the tourist guide map, sure enough it did indeed look like a giant cock because a stream of archipelagos craned out to the Middle East making it look like America was busting a fat nut on the opposite continent. 
 
 `` So is this normal business for you?'' I asked the man in the well dressed suit escorting me to the interdimension federation court house. 
 
 `` Yis, your counterpart is to be sentenced for his crime in the next three hours, twelve versions of you have been summoned from the federation of dimensions to testify on his behalf.'' the man said plainly turning his attention back to his phone. 
 
 `` Nice to meet you, the name is...'' I began extending my hand. 
 
 `` Jeff. Yis, I know.'' He interrupted looking at my hand with slight disgust. 
 
 `` What!? Did I really do something so bad that you ca n't shake an alternate version of myself's hand?'' I asked aggressively without thinking. 
 
 The man just looked at me blankly, like I had offended him. 
 
 `` I heard stories about Earth 11 apparently, it is customary to touch one another when greeting for the first time. What the fuck is wrong with you people?'' He asked harshly. 
 
 `` Oh. I thought you had something against me because what my alt did, my bad, yeah where I am from we do shake hands when greeting some people even kiss and hug.'' I told the man plainly. 
 
 `` Ugh. Your rituals are...'' the man just rolled his eyes trailing off back to his phone. 
 
 An awkward silence set in so I stared out the window a bit, it was the familiar New York Skyline with a few variations I was new to but the same in regards to architecture. The taxis were basically the same too. 
 
 `` So that's a strange accent you have it sounds New Zealand.'' I commented nervously. 
 
 `` I do n't know what a Noo Zeel und is, but I got my accent from Jamaica.'' the suit said clearly looking as if he wanted this to be over as soon as possible. 
 
 `` So is it true that you guys have monarchies still? That might have been Earth 18 but I swear reading an article where you guys still have royalty... I mean we do too but their popularity is almost null.'' I said not being able to help myself from him not wanting me to talk. 
 
 `` Yis, that's correct we have eleven moarchies within our continents borders. The crime for which your alternate is accused took place in the largest, it will be getting multi dimensional coverage. Her we take the Kings of the Amerikas very seriously.'' the man seemed pleased at saying this. 
 
 `` Oh so did, so did I like kill someone... or well the other me kill someone important?'' I wanted to wait before asking but the suspense was killing me. 
 
 `` No.'' the man said turning to look me up and down again like I was dangerous and disgusting. 
 
 `` Well what the fuck did I do man? What could possibly be so bad that an interdimensional jury of mes have to stand trial as peers?'' I asked eagerly. 
 
 `` You. You created a chimera, which is a serious offense here.'' the suit said putting his phone in his jacket as the taxi pulled up the steps of a municipal building and began getting out. 
 
 `` A chimera? You mean like two animals fused together? Am I a geneticist here? Did I create some kind of fucked up monstrosity?'' I was excited at the concept of being a renegade scientist who teetered on the fringes. 
 
 `` Not exactly... you went on a drunken binder and found your way into the sovereign sanctuary and created a sheople.'' this time the man stood looking empathetic at me. 
 
 `` I still do n't understand, Sir.'' I pleaded hoping he would stop beating around the bush. 
 
 The man palmed his face, which is never a good sign. 
 
 `` Jeff, your alternate got drunk and wandered into an animal pen and fucked the King's royal goat, resulting in a goat child.'' He told me as the shame set in. 
 
 My god, I thought, I can not do this, inter dimensional press coverage, goat babies, penis shaped countries. I threw my hands up in refusal. 
 
 `` Nope. Nope. NOPE. Uh uh.'' I said storming off in the opposite direction trying to think of how I could get away from this permanently.
