It had been 27 years now. Our nation lived in fear daily during the New Way. General Iso's reign held us all by our throats. 
 
 He rose to power in the late 80's, bringing with him a hellfire of oppression and tyranny. Women and children too weak to work were cast out, forced to live in squalor on the cities outskirts. Men were forced into laborious jobs with little to no pay. Mostly just taking enough home to feed themselves so they did n't die of starvation during their next shift. The higher up citizens were dragged down from the metaphorical thrones. With General Iso's New Way, he brought a cult of followers, all taking the places of the most prestigious positions within the government. 
 
 They confiscated weapons and evicted citizens into ghettos. With everyone locked behind the walls of the city, the crowds were easier to control. Any time a small group tried to rebel, Iso's enforcers rained fire and smoke down upon them. Tear gas filled the lungs of anyone attempting to escape or rebel, incapacitating them. 
 
 So they worked in the shadows. For years a small group of people joined together, vowing to bring down Iso once and for all. And it took nearly 3 decades. 
 
 They became invisible, going about their day-to-day routines, taking extreme care to not stand out. The less the guards noticed them the better. They worked jobs in the mines and in the city. Smuggling in what they could to prepare for the day of reckoning. Miners hid shovels and picks back among the piles of coal. City workers hid any tool they could get their hands on. Everything became a weapon. Soon, the rebellion would be strong enough to strike. 
 
 After a long enough time, some citizens allied with enforcers who shared the same beliefs. Even the soldiers under Iso's command wanted change. Over the years the alliance grew. The two sides working together to bring a brighter future to their home. 
 
 After nearly thirty years of preparation, everything was in order. They planned to strike before day break. When the morning fogs would shroud them. 
 
 At once, every single rebel and soldier turned traitor struck. Like a crouching tiger with a thousand thousand claws, the rebels pounced on their oppressors. Slashing at their throats, bleeding them dry. 
 
 Blood ran deep in the city streets as the traitors made their way toward the capitol building. They stormed the doors. With every hand knocking, not waiting for an answer, they tore through the threshold. 
 
 Making their way up the stairs, and down hallway after hallway. Guards were at the ready, but still unprepared. The rebellion dispatched them like weeds in the grass. 
 
 Finally, they were at General Iso's chambers. As the rebellion reached the final stretch, ready to splinter the doors with the force of one hundred shoulders, they slammed opened. 
 
 `` WHAT IS THE MEANING OF THIS?!'' He boomed, standing in full military uniform, medals polished and gleaming in the morning sun streaming through the halls windows. 
 
 `` For 27 Years you have terrorized this country, you have crippled this country and its people, so we have come to cripple you. It is time to step down.'' 
 
 `` STEP DOWN, STEP DOWN!'' The rebellion chimed in unison. 
 
 `` This is ill advised, and unnecessary. Though my reign has been long and somewhat unfavored, I have only sought one thing. I will step down, gladly, there is no need for violence any more. I only ask one thing.'' 
 
 `` What could you possibly ask of us? You have taken everything, we have nothing left to give.'' Exasperated, the leader asked Iso. 
 
 `` Nothing of material value, I assure you. I have, simply one question.'' Iso, had a slight grin. 
 
 `` What is it that you must know?'' The rebellion leader asked. 
 
 General Iso's grin stretched a little bit farther, and then disappeared completely. A look of distress washed over him. 
 
 `` I have seen many things over the years, I have seen this once great country thrive, under my control I thought I would see it thrive more, and rise to new heights, but I became distracted. Distracted by a different sight. I have seen so *so* much, but, after all this time, I still can not see, why kids love cinnamon toast crunch... 
 
 Tell me, Why do the kids love cinnamon toast crunch?'' 
 
 
 

