Being a shop owner is not easy. Especially around these parts. `` Why did i do it?'' mumbled Greg. `` Why did i open this shop?'' it was ten years ago now, but every day made him wonder. 
 Carrelhold was a weird town, right between the bluest of seas and blackest of mountains. Surrounded by danger but provided with a direct connection to the Capital. It was why Greg chose this place: thousands of adventurers came and went, each with loot more precious than the last. At least in the beginning. 
 
 It did n't take long for the first wave of heroes to eradicate the necromancer that infested the mountains. They brought peace and happiness. For two days. Then they went and never came back and Carrelhold declined. Now a new kind monsters infested the woods but few adventurers ever came, and the loot they brought back was... 
 `` So? How much?'' asked the man. He had grey hair and a scar across his face. 
 Greg looked at the snarling head on the counter `` I'm sorry, i do n't...'' the man made a gesture, a faint yellow glow around his hand. Suddenly Greg thought of John: he despised these creatures, maybe he would buy it. 
 `` Five gold pieces'' offered Greg, reluctantly. 
 `` Twenty'' replied the man, the hand glowing more intensely. Greg could n't think of a response, his head was swimming in visions of grandeur, how much money he would make selling the head! He could only nod, saliva slowly drooping at the corner of his mouth. The man grabbed the coins and and went out. 
 
 Greg shook his head, the monster grinning back at him'You fell for it! Again!'. These new bounty hunters had no shame, no honor. 
 In an instant he remembered why he'd done it: he opened for peace, to help the heroes save him and everyone else. He remembered how the necromancer ravaged the land, how close he came to death that night. He also remembered that, despite all of that, the city was more alive than ever. 
 
 With sadness in his eyes he closed the shop and went in the back. He did n't trade monster parts but he did have a skull in the back, a very peculiar one. 
 
 ( Been lurking here for a couple of weeks, thought I'd give it a shot! Written in an hour on my way to work. Also English is not my mother tongue. Be harsh, I want to learn )
