Took me a bit to write this one - going to break it into two comments 
 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 
 
 The members of Los Angeles Subway Shelter 4 gathered around the crackling fire in the ruins of the Vermont Street station, platform 2. It was here that the survivors could enjoy a rare luxury in the atomic wastes of Southern California: a warm night inside an old passenger train, with many of its seats intact. 
 
 Seated next to the fire was the Old Man, one of the few old enough to have lived through The Attack itself. He tended to his cast iron skillet sitting atop a Coleman campfire cooking rack that straddled both sides of the campfire. On the menu for this particular evening was pigeon; it's a delicacy given how few of them ever return to the subway lines once they found a means to the surface. 
 
 As the rest of the survivors gathered around the fire, the Old Man served each of them a modest serving of meat - transferring the contents of the skillet to the bare hands of the survivors by way of an improvised set of tongs. Following that, each survivor poured themselves a cup of unfiltered, dirty water that had been collected at the broken water main in Union Station the day before. 
 
 The Old Man chuckled. 
 
 `` Back in my day, people used to bitch about the fluoride the city added to the water supply... To help people's teeth,'' he grumbled. `` And they used to say that these'books' were antiquated...'' The Old Man thumped his well-worn hardback copy of *How to Make Love Like a Porn Star: A Cautionary Tale* by Jenna Jameson, requested by virtually every youngling he'd ever taught how to read. Of all of the books he and the other survivors had rescued from the ruins of the Los Angeles Public Library and from USC's student bookstore, this was only text whose jacket remained intact. 
 
 `` That they'd be replaced by eBooks and eLearning... Morons.'' 
 
 ``... Great grandfather,'' one of the younglings began, ``... could you tell us the story of The Attack one more time? I'd like to hear the part about Dennis Rodman again! And Bay of Pigs 2!'' 
 
 The Old Man laughed. `` Oh Dennis, you've heard this story at least a dozen times...'' 
 
 `` Pleeeeeeeeeease!'' squealed a chorus of younglings, followed by a string of chuckles from the younger adults. 
 
 `` Oh fine. Why not? So you know the back story: James Franco and Seth Rogen, two popular actors in the early 2010s, make a movie - I've explained what those are before, right?'' 
 
 The younglings nodded enthusiastically. 
 
 `` It was called *The Interview* about assassinating Kim Jong Un, the leader of North Korea.'' 
 
 The Old Man rustled through a small stack of books seated next to his chair and pulled out a faded, wrinkled copy of *Atlas of World Geography*. 
 
 `` Here's North Korea right here,'' said the Old Man as he flipped through the oversized pages of the old Rand McNally atlas. 
 
 `` People in North Korea in 2014 lived much like we do now - eating rats to stay alive; living in the dark without electricity; and never knowing a world with books, film, television, and the Internet. But the difference was that their things were all taken away by a big mean, man named Kim Jong Un - their leader. And the rest of the world made fun of him and his father before, but this time was different. This time North Korea was determined to establish its seat at the table of world power!'' shouted the Old Man with dramatic flair, pounding his fist onto his map. 
 
 `` So we know what happens next? They threaten and intimidate the movie studios and get the movie pulled from distribution. But George Clooney, a famous actor, and George R. R. Martin, the famous author of a wildly popular *Game of Thrones* book and television series defy Kim Jong Un and join forces to rally the people. And it works! The movie goes on! It gets shown! Hundreds of millions of people around the world flocked to the theatres on Christmas Day, 2014 to see the grand opening. Including me - I was at a theater not far from where we are right now.'' 
 
 `` Humiliated, North Korea turns to its ally from the distant past... Russia. Now you see kids, Vladmir Putin, Russia's leader was humiliated by his own behavior during this same period of time. He defied the West and led an invasion of Ukraine,'' the Old Man flipped to a different page in the Atlas and held it up high for the younglings, who squinted at the worn page from across the fire. `` And when West responded with economic sanctions against Russia, he and his party responded by arrogantly mocking them... But months later the world economy turned against Russia as oil prices and the value of Russia's currency fell. By the end of 2014, imported goods in Russia cost three or four times what they did the year before - and that included the food his people needed to eat. So Russia did what every world leader did at the time: blame the United States.'' 
 
 `` So Russia and North Korea made a joint announcement, announcing their withdrawal from the United Nations and declaring all UN resolutions regarding their behavior to be null and void. They announced that America was at an end and would no longer play a significant role in world affairs or culture. This was all posturing, of course, to help Russian and North Korean leaders mend and bolster their tough guy images abroad and at home. `` 
 
 The Old Man took a long draw from his water bottle before continuing.
