Why are elephants afraid of alcohol? What kind of question is that? Nobody in their right mind would ask that kind of question to someone he has never met before. That was about the only thing that kept Agent 32 from standing up and going to a safer place. 
 
 He knew that was a question that only an informant would ask and only if he wants to give information to someone. But no matter how hard he tried to make sense out of this, `` In a fool's garden'' just did n't seem to be fitting in any way possible. There was no way around this though, the protocol has never given any leeway in terms of creativity. He could sense the informant waiting so he went for it. `` In a fool's garden.'' 
 
 Gustav Beerschot twirled his moustache. It was something he always went to when something has made him uncomfortable. He was sitting on the correct bench left of the fountain of two baby angels peeing on five other small baby angels covering their faces in obvious discomfort. To the left of him was this man. He looked more than an informant than a spy but Gustav learned in his time never to judge only on appearance. But the question he asked him was not the one he expected. He did n't know where weed and flowers grow happily together and doubted that it had something to with the fact that elephants turn pink when they drink alcohol. 
 
 Maybe he forgot the right answer. After all, he was drinking a lot of alcohol himself, the evening before. He could feel the nagging pains in the side of his head from the one liquor he maybe drank too much but his memory never betrayed him like that before. If brains could smoke from thinking too much Gustavs head would probably be in flames as he thought about what the answer could be. Maybe it was some kind of political joke. It would seem fitting for the kind of questions the KGB usually thought of. `` In Al Gore's garden!'' 
 
 Jack Brown let the answer sink into his head. Sure, Al Gore was kind of a fool. Even the CIA was aware of that. But he was pretty sure the right answer would have been `` In a fool's garden'' and not `` In Al Gore's garden''. As he thought about it the answer became clear. Someone changed the text last minute, it hapened before. He sweared to himself, his mobile was lying uselessly on the ground of his suitcase. That were the situations he was trained for. Deciding right in a matter of seconds. 
 
 Looking quickly to the left, he could see his partner had decided to use an outfit that resembled something close to and old-school professor style. With the moustache and the bowler hat, the only thing that was missing for the outfit to be complete was a monocle. Nobody in their right mind would dress like that, that's how he knew this guy was an agent. Sure, he was a bit old but nothing in this job would surprise Jack Brown anymore. 
 
 `` The subject will arrive in 15 minutes. He will meet with our contact person to finalize the deal. It is your task to follow him to his shelter and find out where he lives. Do not get caught!''. Gustav was sitting there in disbelief. Something went horribly wrong. Why was this man telling him that? Who does he work for? He simply nodded and before he could think another thought he heard two loud noises. 
 
 On a bench right on the other side of the plaza two men were slowly sinking to the ground. Both their shirts turned red from the gunshot wound and neither seemed to have much life left in them. `` So, you are working for..? ``, Gustav asked in shock. `` CIA, you? ``, Jack Brown stuttered. His face turned white as if he was the one with the gunshot wound and not his agent on the other side of the fountain. `` KGB. Maybe it is best we drink a beer and think about how to explain this to our bosses? ``, Gustav was slowly coming to his senses. `` Sounds about right'', Jack muttered. 
 
 

