When in the Course of human events, it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another, and to assume among the powers of the earth, the separate and equal station to which the Laws of Nature entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation. 
 
 The words your Framers spoke hundreds of years ago become eerily relevant to the present circumstance. As the United States of America was once under the rule of a seemingly tyrannical king of England, the Trajians are under the rule of an equally unjust power. The United States of America, a nation previously in favor of equal representation throughout its states and territories, has finally embodied the very power it sought independence from four hundred years ago. It has become an Empire under the guise of a Republic. What Republic has power condensed to three men? No Republic, but an Empire doomed for collapse. 
 
 Today will be the day of that collapse. Just as the Atlantic was too great a distance to keep an unruly colony at bay, the void of Space is too great a distance to require devoutness from a functioning Republic of Trajia. Today that unnecessary rule ends. The Republic of Trajia still believes in life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness for all men, women, and children of all races and religions, an ideology the United States of America clearly abandoned at the end of the Second World War. We can not be confined under the rule of an Empire with flawed fundamental ideologies any longer. 
 
 Today, the sixteen colonies of Trajia becomes the Federal Republic of Trajia, free of all bindings from its Earthbound mother. We do not expect this split to be peaceful. We are, after years of preparation, prepared to expel the Earthly poison from our lands and waters. We are, after years of preparation, able to govern ourselves without the watchful eye of an abusive mother. It is the natural course history has taken thousands of times, and our citizens are prepared to face the casualties that follow. 
 
 *Szavil Majiar* 
 
 Szavil Majiar, President of the Federal Republic of Trajia. 
 
 
 

