
 
 I was born and bred to be a hero.It might not have been exactly what I wanted to do, but it wasn ’ t such a bad job all things considered. Slay a monster here, earn the admiration of some townsfolk there, it had a pleasing sort of routine to it all. But you get tired of exploring dungeons and killing evil, and begin wanting to look for a chance to just settle down and get the happy ending you know you deserve. 
 
 Finally, I was offered the request I had always been looking for, asked by a kingdom to dispose of an enemy evil overlord, whose monstrosities and armies had been terrorizing the country for generations. I was promised the reward of the princess ’ s hand in marriage and my very own “ happily ever after. ” 
 
 I was a sucker for that kind of the thing, the happy ending. All I ’ d ever wanted was a carefree life, and if heroically taking one more enemy of mankind was the way to do it than I was determined to see this last quest through. 
 
 So I took my plucky band of adventures through the domain of the Overlord. Smashing through his forces, we ascended through his keep and were at last met by the man himself. We engaged in the standard dialogue, with me launching into the classic speech of “ With my friends by my side, there's no way I can lose! ” and him going to the ever classic mocking laugh and bragging of how we stood no chance against his strength and secret powers. Ho-hum. At last he finished his speech and we finally got to the point where we could begin trying to kill one another. 
 
 The fighting went on for a while I suppose. A sort of awkward dance between the two of us, I doing my best to avoid being killed and he ever so clumsily hurtling his attacks somewhere in my general direction. I won ’ t bother you with the details. 
 
 Honestly, for being a final boss of sorts, it wasn ’ t very difficult at all to knock him to his knees. I then got to the part where I could contemplate if I should take the merciful route of capturing him and taking him back to the kingdom for his just punishment. But I wanted my happily ever after dammit, and I didn ’ t want it being spoiled by having to come back to save the kingdom in Overlord: The Sequel when he somehow breaks out of prison and reinstates his rule over the hordes of evil. 
 
 So I decided to follow through on the old adage of “ Cut the head off a snake and the body dies ” and promptly chopped his head off. I suppose you may have been expecting some kind of remorse or something for his life, but quite frankly I was just happy the quest was over with and that I could finally get to my happy ending. 
 
 That ’ s the thing about life though. There is no such thing as an “ ending ” when it comes to life. In the stories, the brave heroes come home to a feast and have a nice big party before riding off into the sunset, their love interest in tow. The End rolls across the screen, and everyone lives happily ever after. 
 
 Reality, however, is a different story. It turns out that when you depose an evil overlord the evil legions and hordes of vicious monsters they employed don ’ t just go away, running off to whatever hell they came from. No, in reality, when you cut off the head of the snake a hundred more will sprout in its place as a result of a thing known as a “ power vacuum ”. A hundred new warlords had been created in a flash of a sword, each trying to one up one another in how much terror and carnage they could create. 
 
 And than you have problems like the “ refugee crisis ” where thousands of civilians begin pouring over the borders of the good kingdom in an attempt to escape the ravages of the warlords. Needless to say, when I finally arrived at the kingdom in search of what I thought was my justly earned reward, the king was not pleased. I suppose that when he had handed out this quest, he hadn ’ t truly considered what would happen after his country was freed from the evil of the old Overlord. Without the bureaucracy holding them in check, the new warlords were causing far more damage than the Overlord ever had. 
 
 Conjuring up all the political skill the he had learned over a long career of avoiding blame, the king proceeded to point the source of all his people ’ s problems squarely at me. At this point I wondered if perhaps my misguided solution to the Overlord problem would work better here. I restrained myself however, and offered to solve this last problem of his by quieting the warlords once and for all. 
 
 And so began my journey to become the new Evil Overlord. 
 
 A/N I rushed this one a little but I hope you enjoyed it nonetehless.
