Mankind is a plague. A species capable of populating and harvesting the stars within a few generations. 
 It thrives on war and its unerring hatred for anything it deems as different. An unstoppable force of which no planet or galaxy is seen as too hostile or inhospitable for it to either destroy, or worse, call home. 
 A life force completely and utterly incapable of living without consuming the energy that is n't it's own. 
 
 It was this need for third party energy that led to its demise. It spread across the totallity of space devouring all in its path using false deities, prophets or the need to secure its own safety as reasoning for its crimes. 
 When it became apparent that humanity was a beast who's appetite was insatiable, the remaining civilisations agreed to barter with its foe in a currency it would understand. Extinction. 
 What followed was long and drawn out battle across the stars between a federation of beings exercising a last throw of the dice and a species which glorified and fetished the spilling of blood it relied on and was so readily provided by its enemy. 
 Eventually every trace of man was eradicated from space. Not without a cost, the universe, previously populous and advanced was now peppered with massive areas of silence. For light years in every direction there was no sign of life and the clusters on the very universe where mankinds nemeses still remained were too damaged and war weary to ever return to their previous size and ability. 
 
 A untold amount of time passed and mankind passed into the obscurity of history and was nothing more than. A boogeyman for the young, the monster under the bed which ceased to exist when old enough to stop fearing stories. 
 
 But man was found again. In the middle of the greatest expanse of nothing it was found etching a living on a hostile planet where despite its bloody past, it was struggling to remain middle of the food chain with its crude weaponry of sticks, stones and fire. 
 It was believed the varied and deadly regions of the planet, populated by species which just like man, survived by killing, coupled with mankind's fractious relationship with other tribes of its own species would lead to its eventual eradication and as such no effort was made to actually monitor or control the situation. 
 
 Then a probe named `` Voyager'' crashed into inhabited space. It proved that the species which only a thousand generations previously was barely surviving was now the dominant species on its planet and could be found on every corner of it rekindling it's love for mass extinction. 
 A task force was sent to deal with the now very apparent danger the reappearance of the Universe's very own Grim Reaper. However, it would seem the probe was now only an artefact of a civilisation that was now spread throughout entire solar systems following it's pattern of self preservation shown a milenia before. 
 
 The task force was annihilated and the tracking down of its survivors were tracked down as sport. With these survivors, mankind gained every bit of knowledge regarding their past through forceful and sickening means. 
 
 Mankind now has a target for its bloodlust. A target which it seems tried to destroy them years and years ago. 
 
 Mankind is an angry species. Mankind is remembering. Mankind is hungry.
