I was caught impersonating my father. 
 
 It's a ploy I often use whenever I arrive in a place I've been to before. For an immortal man such as myself, it is very easy to pass as my own son. 
 
 My face was clean shaven as opposed to the large barbarous beard I used before, so nobody really paid much attention to me as I walked the fish market, taking in the familiar sights and smells. Something about fortified fishing towns I like, no doubt a remnant of my long forgotten youth where I perhaps grew up near the sea, or spent most of my early life on a boat looking up at a castle. 
 
 I walked past an old woman without so much as glancing anywhere near her direction, but she stopped and then after a brief hesitation turned to look at me. ``'Ere... are n't you..?'' 
 
 But I was gone, down a side street with an invisible swiftness and grace that could only be developed from a millenia of doing such. It was Mabel. I knew from the moment I saw her on the other end of the street, but hoped she had forgotten me or passed away. 
 
 Guess not. I sighed inwardly and leaned against the cool mud wall of the alleyway, wondering whether I should abandon the town altogether now that I had been sighted, or stick to my cover story instead. It was only one person. 
 
 Before I could even formulate a decision, a shadow crept slowly and casually towards me. I thought nothing of it at first, but when another did the same from the other end of the alleyway I knew I had sprung a trap. 
 
 `` The king is dying John''. The voice came into the light and I saw it was my old friend Enriko. Twenty years had not been kind to his hair, but his smiling eyes remained the same. 
 
 When I first knew him, he was nothing more than a squire - an amiable sort of person who did n't mind drinking and laughing along with the local fisherman. I had always sensed a keen intelligence behind his laughter, one that saw people for who they really were and sought ambition and control. I knew he would go far, but hoped that he would n't. 
 
 `` John? I'm - I think you are mis-'' I began, but stopped when he drew his saber and his accomplice also. 
 
 `` I always knew John. My father told me tales about you when I was a child, how John the Fisherman had rescued him from sea during the Widows storm, and how my grandfather had been similarly saved from a mighty fall when the mountains were first mined.'' 
 
 `` My grandfather never knew, but my father certainly did, as I did too in those brief 10 years I knew you - and I just *knew* you'd be back in Hambry sometime in my lifetime.'' 
 
 Did I really favor Hambry that much? I groaned internally at how I'd gotten myself into this mess. To be discovered so easily by a grown child. The two of them were advancing on me very slowly almost as if they had been cautioned of what I was capable of. It was time to come clean. 
 
 `` Enriko, I beg you - for old time's sake, for all that I've done for your fam-'' 
 
 `` The king is dying John'' he said again, `` and you're the only one with the secret that can prolong his life.'' 
 
 `` There is no secret!'' I yelled `` I am just as much at mercy to mysteries of the cosmos as you are! If I knew, I would have told you - I would have told everyone!'' 
 
 He shook his head and smiled at the floor. `` Come now John, lies will get you nowhere. It is uncharacteristically selfish of you.'' 
 
 `` Riko, I can not tell you what I do not myself know'' 
 
 `` No matter John, we have ways of extracting sensitive information from defiant individuals. Information which they never claimed to know either.'' 
 
 And then I saw it, the hard cold edge in the corners of his eyes, eyes that had done unspeakable acts in the name of ascension and power. 
 
 `` What happens to those who are innocent?'' 
 
 `` They are discarded, and left to decay in a forgotten dungeon for the rest of their lives. But no one is ever innocent John, no one.'' 
 
 For a moment I said nothing, locking the secret I'd discovered all those millenia ago into the far recesses of my mind using a taught mental technique derived from a chance meeting with the Buddha. The method involved isolating a memory as well as the primary external references to that memory within another new memory, compressed in such a way as to make it hard to retrieve, the key being a single insignificant reference that when pulled would unpack the entire structure. 
 
 To make the structure more secure, secondary and tertiary references to the memory and the primary references to that memory would also need to be tucked away. 
 
 I inhaled visibly and closed my eyes. With a slow smooth exhale the last 3000 years of my life were locked away, accessible by a single lone reference to a boy on his father's ship sailing out away from the foresty outcrop of a small fishing town, looking up at the overlooking castle that was crumbling from the inside out.
