Cheyenna dropped to her knees, placing her palms against the hard-packed earth. Closing her eyes, she felt the slightest rumble, like a distant earthquake. She remained there, perfectly still, deep in concentration. The change was slight, almost imperceptible, but it was there. Whoever–*whatever*–was out there, they were coming closer. 
 
 Acutely aware of the many pairs of eyes trained on her, she stood up and gave the signal. Immediately, the camp was a mad rush of soldiers darting this way and that, fletching arrows, donning mail and armor. Cheyenna simply stood at the edge of camp, stoic. The wind tugged at her cape as she stared out at the horizon, pensive. 
 
 A tap on her shoulder by her closest advisor, Erik, awoke her from her reverie. He followed her as she swept through the camp, nodding at soldiers as she made for her captain's tent. Once inside, she began her own preparations, trading her regalia for simpler, more effective gear. But for the captain's insignia on the breast, her uniform looked no different from that of a common archer. Exactly as it should be. 
 
 A young boy, a messenger for the watchmen, by the looks of it, burst into her tent, gesturing wildly. She nodded to him, sending him on his way, and stepped out into the camp once more. Soldiers parted for her as she made her way to the camp's edge, trailed by Erik and the young boy. When she reached the western lookout point, she saw it: an army was pouring out of the thick forest around the encampment, their armor and swords glittering in the sun. The sight of it enraged her, but she fought to control and channel her anger. As more and more of the army advanced, she sensed her soldiers chomping at the bit, eager for a battle. She stayed them with an upraised fist. Turning around, she used her other hand to sign *righteous conviction*, her division's unofficial motto and a phrase her soldiers knew well. 
 
 Turning back to face the enemy, she raised her other fist in the air, the signal for *ready. * She could feel the tension in the air, practically shimmering in the space between her men and their opponents. She waited, letting the feeling build, waiting for its crescendo. A stiff breeze caught her cape, and the tension reached a fever pitch. Cheyenna threw both her hands down. Arrows flew freely through the air; the archers' skill was self-evident as most of them found their marks. As the opposing army approached, their numbers significantly lessened, her soldiers quickly swapped their arrows for weapons more appropriate for melee. When the two forces collided, it felt like an earthquake to Cheyenna, exhilarating and jarring all at once. She fought in the thickest part of the battle, her heightened sense of sight and touch making up for her useless ears. She could sense her opponents' moves before they were made, dodging and blocking in a silent dance. 
 
 Born into a world of ever-present quiet, she could n't make much sense of what it meant to `` hear.'' At times, she was curious, even longed to know what `` hearing'' felt like, but the heat of battle was not one of those times. She'd seen men die because they were distracted by something she could not hear. Judging by the vibration that permeated the air as she twisted and spun and stabbed, she figured battles must be quite distracting to her compatriots. 
 
 Suddenly, Erik appeared by her side, finishing off an enemy soldier with a flourish of his dagger. *The enemy is fleeing, * he signed. Shoving aside an enemy soldier, she saw it was true. The frontmost lines were locked in battle still, presumably having missed the signal, but the rest were retreating into the trees, leaving behind a field of dead and dying. Cheyenna nodded to him, grateful. 
 
 Erik was almost always by her side, her liaison to the soldiers she commanded. He was an old and experienced soldier who lost most of his hearing nearly two decades ago in a border skirmish with some dwarves. He could still communicate in the normal way, albeit with difficulty. He learned sign language partially as an easier way of communicating, but mostly, he learned it in order to teach a young, deaf prodigy by the name of Cheyenna. 
 
 The pair fought off their remaining opponents side-by-side, protecting each other from unanticipated strikes from behind. As the last of the enemy either fell or ran, Cheyenna turned to face her teacher, friend, and advisor. 
 
 *Victory, * Erik signed, looking relieved. 
 
 *Thank you. For everything, * Cheyenna replied.
