Once there was a tree and he hated a little boy. Every day the boy would come around and steal from him, his precious seeds and branches to use for playing silly games. He would climb up his trunk cluttering up his eloquently laid branches and perfectly aligned leaves. He was perfect, and the boy was messing it up. The tree was angry. 
 
 Years came and went and the boys children started to play on him. Finally, the tree came up with a plan and spoke to one of the children. 
 `` Child, what do you want?'' The tree said with devious intent 
 `` To play and remain here for the rest of my life'' 
 `` Then let it be, you can play on all of my branches'' The boy was delighted and started to climb. Finally, he was on the most beautiful branch and the tree decided it was time. The tree separated his most beloved branch and watched the child fall. The tree was finally happy. 
 
 The tree watched the cars come and leave. Tears that fell and cries that were heard delighted the tree with utmost pleasure. No one would ever play on him again and he could make beautiful branches once again. That was until their second child carved his name with his lovers into his delicate bark. The hatred stored up over the years of peace were all released onto the boy's family once again. 
 
 The tree talked to the termites living within him. `` Go to that house over there and help me destroy them'' 
 
 The termites questioned and replied'' If we do this for you, let us eat you more'' Without hesitation the tree agreed, and the house was ruined. The tree fought through the pain of the termites eating him by watching the boys life fall into ruin as the house cost more money. He watched as his wife left him for spending so much and the tree was happy and could look pretty once again. 
 
 More years passed and the boy was an old man who sat down at the base of the tree. `` I have faced trial and turmoil and now I am old and wise. I have lived a decent life and a peaceful one, even if it was not always pleasant'' The tree was surprised at how he could remain so happy. Did he not see the beauty he destroyed his first time up the tree. The tree was angry enough he called to the winds and asked for assistance in being pushed over. 
 
 `` But wo n't you surely die?'' They asked 
 
 `` I do not care, I am not happy'' 
 
 `` And you will never be,'' Said the winds, finally getting rid of this eyesore on the forest. As the tree crushed the boy the tree was happy in succeeding in this last task. 
 
 `` At least, I died old and happy,'' Said the boy, with a smile on his face as his last breath left him. The tree was sad at the fact the boy was forever happy, and died with the knowledge, that he had not taken anything from the boy that would stop him.
