The woods smelled of blood and ash. The trees were dead and naked. The branches sprouted out towards the sky, like if they were pleading the heavens to reach down and pluck them from this horrible place. The red and orange leaves that had belonged to the trees covered the ground, and piling up over the years. They reached the group's knees. 
 
 Ralam, the farmer turned warrior, and his brave allies decided to camp for the night. The skies overhead were black, flashing every now and then with furious lightning, briefly lighting up their surroundings as if nature was telling them not to even bother with torches. There was a thick fog around them. Thunder bellowed and shook the ground whenever it made itself heard. Masfop, the archer from the east, went looking for dry wood as soon as Ralam chose a spot to for all to camp. Ledsa The Unseen stood watch while Gumash The Mind pretended to check the map that was given to them by a merchant. He was really drawing in his sketchbook. Ralam and Yanklin the Bludgeoner started removing leaves and made a big enough clearing for 5 people and a fire. When Ranklin was done, he threw his sleeping bag on the floor, and went straight to sleep, he was incredibly tired, cracking heads took its toll. Ledsa bore holes in nearby trees and thrust several torches in place. Masfop came back shortly with dry twigs, and as he threw them in the middle of the clearing Ralam and Ranklin made, he chuckled and shook his head. 
 
 `` We are surrounded by dry leaves and I went looking for dry wood.'' The tired heroes shared a laugh. As it died down, Ranklin snored loudly and the laughter was revived. The fire was made, and everyone sitting around felt safe. 
 
 Nobody stood watch that night. 
 
 Morning came, the lightning continued still and the thunder raged on. The fog was still hanging over them, and the sky was still black. 8 hours had past and everyone felt ready. 
 
 `` Who had first watch last night?'' Ralam asked, with worry in his voice. 
 Everyone looked at each other, Ranklin shrugged, Masfop looked behind him and back to Ralam, `` I do n't think we assigned a watch last night.'' 
 `` We have to be more careful than this, we are so close.'' Ralam said, gathering his supplies. 
 
 `` This journey has been a hell.'' Gumash sighed. 
 Ralam put his hand on Gumash's shoulder. 
 `` I know this friend, I am forever grateful to you, to all of you, for joining me.'' 
 A moment of silence fell upon them. 
 Ledsa smiled, and could n't help but think aloud. `` Do you remember when Hoom lusted over the maid with the heavy breasts and arse? And he wrote her a poem about how when he sees her lovely tits he cheeses his loins and cries with happiness?'' 
 Everyone laughed. 
 `` He stuttered the whole time he was reciting that piece of shit poem!'' Masfop chimed in, trying to hold back tears of laughter. 
 `` His face when the maid spilled ale on his dumb face was the best part. ``, added Ranklin. 
 `` He was a good soldier.'' Ralam said. 
 
 They killed the fire, and they continued their journey. Ralam took point, Ranklin was behind him, Gumash was behind Ranklin, Ledsa was behind Gumash, and Masfop was behind her. Their destination was not far off. They could tell, because the smell of blood and ash became more prevalent. 
 
 They followed the smell for hours, not speaking a word. They were alert, beads of sweat ran down their face. No weapon was ever gripped tighter. The party gasped, as the air suddenly turned colder. Suddenly there was a screech, and their torches exploded, splinters and ash flew everywhere. 
 
 Masfop was n't holding a torch, and pulled on the bowstring, ready to shoot any sorry figure that made itself seen to him. The lightning lit up the woods, and he could see several humanoid figures in the distance, moving towards them. They were taller than any human he had ever seen, thin with long arms. He shot as many as he could before it became dark again. Thunder shook the ground. 
 
 The others stopped rubbing their eyes and put their backs against each other. 
 
 `` Listen to the leaves!'' Ralam shouted.
