The air hurt. Not just because I couldn ’ t inhale it, but because it reminded me of what I truly was lingering on the outside of humanity ’ s vision. It was cold, pulling at me and forcing me to stay in this realm. I wasn ’ t allowed to move even though my body had been disposed of in a body bag long ago. As hard as I tried, my feet couldn ’ t go past the invisible circle that had been drawn around my area of death. 
 
 I was only seventeen, and the way I was put out of living continuously sticks with me just about every hour. When the time of my death is met on any given day, the pain is increased. When the actual day and time of my murder surfaces, it ’ s an unmentionable hell. My girlfriend and I went were walking home after chatting over dessert at a café near the outside of town. We were laughing as we made our way towards Fetcelli ’ s, the abandoned restaurant a few blocks across the street. That ’ s when he showed up. Samantha ’ s ex, with a cold look in his faded brown eyes. 
 
 He brandished a switchblade and stabbed me in my left arm as I got in front of her. She screamed, and I gritted my teeth as I fell to my knees, blood seeping around my hand that clutched my bicep. Sammy shrieked and tried to run, but Mike grabbed her by her long blond hair and hit her, hard. She slumped against the side of the building. Then he came over to me, reached under and punched me in the stomach twice with as fist as hard as rock. The blood was still coming, and now my vision was spotted, coming in and out of blackness. I felt like I was going to throw up. 
 
 I looked over to my left and saw Sam. I wanted to reach out and grab her arm to make sure she was okay, but Mike stood over me. He grabbed a fist full of my hair, and yanked my neck back. I let out a yell. His hand then moved down to my black, leather jacket, and he held tight onto the collar as he broke down the door of the boarded up eatery. He dragged me inside, and left the door open. He laid me on my back, and sat on top of me, the blade finding its way deep into my chest. 
 
 The air flooded through my throat all at once, and as the painful sensation of my skin being split open repeatedly and my ribs being crushed overpowered me. I tried to scream but he went for my throat next. First strangling, then pressing down with one hand on my windpipe as he marked an ‘ X ’ straight through my face. The blood was blinding and I could taste it. I tried to kick him off but I wasn ’ t strong enough. 
 
 Straining through dying lips, I asked, “ Why are you doing this? ” He replied with brooding hatred. “ Because you took her from me. ” Then he cut open my throat. I was out of air, yet my eyes still worked for a few moments. Laying still on the floor with my vision blacking, I saw him go out the door and yank his arm to the left. 
 
 Sam wasn ’ t unconscious anymore and she was crying, screaming. “ Stop it! Let me go! Where ’ s Tony? Is that blood on your shirt? Oh Mike, no! ” 
 
 I heard her try to fight him off, but she couldn ’ t break his grasp. After a moment, it was quiet. I don ’ t know if he killed her right outside or if he just knocked her out again and dragged her somewhere else to deal with her body as he pleased. I remember my vision was clearer once my eyes closed, like I blinked for a second, but I knew what really happened. I just know that wherever Sam is, she realizes this too, and that she knows truly why I can not come to see her. 
 
 I watched as an old, beat up car with a tan paint job passed in front of a broken window of the restaurant. Here I was stuck inside, never allowed to go anywhere, but that car, which may soon never be able roll on its wheels again, can speed outside the city limits to see what lies beyond this place. I suppose that ’ s how life is: it ’ s lived until it is taken.
