First time submitting something to one of these threads. Hope you like it. 
 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 
 
 “ Begin audio log. ” 
 
 “ This is the preliminary surgical examination of the alien subject encountered three days ago on the polar continent. I am Dr. Brzzk, chief medical examiner. Assisting me today is Dr. Hyunk!, professor of pathology and Grwisk, professor of anthropology, phd. ” 
 
 Grwisk felt a tightening of the muscles in his neck at his colleague ’ s backhanded introduction. Being the only non-medical practitioner invited to participate in the first autopsy of this strange creature, he knew there would be some chaffing. Doctors, in his experience, are very proprietary people. 
 
 “ Visual inspection would indicate that the subject is easily a third taller than the average… ” 
 
 “ Ahhh, Dr. Brzzk, ” one of the military officers in the observation lounge interrupted, “ I ’ d like you to refrain from using the word alien. Since this is official, we don ’ t want it to look like the government endorses the idea that life outside of this planet exists. ” 
 “ Of course not Colonel, I ’ m using the term to indicate that the subject is of unknown species and origin. We all know there is no such thing as little pink men. What we have here is obviously a giant pink man. ” 
 
 Grwisk and the others in attendance couldn ’ t stifle their laughter at Dr. Brzzk ’ s jibe at the Colonel. He may be a pompous tail, but the doctor doles out his insults evenly. 
 
 “ On that note, we can see that the subject has external genitalia with what appears to be redundant testes; most likely a male of his species. The dermis is slightly pigmented with dark hair over the pubic area, under the upper limbs, on the face and head. Redundant ocular organs and what are probably auditory organs on the head. There is no beak, but two fleshy flaps are covering a hinged mandible. If we pull back the skin… oh my! This guy is a biter. ” 
 
 Grwisk can hear the men in the observation lounge chatter. What they are all looking at on the monitors is the stuff nightmares are made of, twenty eight pointed bony teeth. Whatever this thing is, wherever it came from, it must be the apex predator, Grwisk notes. 
 
 “ Um, Dr. Brzzk, ” Dr. Hyunk! interjects, alarm clearly present in his tone, “ sensors are detecting a very high concentration of bacterial and viral cultures in the mouth cavity. I suggest you move your hands out of there before you get infected. ” 
 
 “ Other than that, superficially, he seems to be laid out the same way as us: Bipedal locomotion, two arms, two legs, a head. His weight, however, was recorded earlier at 81.6 units, more than three times the mass of an average male of our species. Time to slice him open. ” 
 
 Grwisk silently observed the five digits at the end of each limb and wondered if the subject used a base twenty number system. What would that even look like, are his kind even capable of mathematics? Two eyes, two ears, two testicles could only mean that this creature could be expected to lose one or two of these during the course of its life due to combat with other competing males, or prey. More notes quickly scribed on his pad of paper while the physicians cut large flaps of skin away. 
 
 “ Observe the tissues immediately under the dermis; we have what appears to be fatty tissue and a dense, fibrous tissue, most likely part of the musculature. I think we ’ ve found the reason for the height to weight discrepancy. A large portion of the subject ’ s lean mass would appear to be muscle tissue; we ’ ll get a more precise ratio in later examinations. ” 
 
 “ Under the muscle tissue of the chest there is a lattice like bone structure. Let ’ s move this out of the way and see what it ’ s protecting underneath. ” 
 
 “ Doctor, we ’ ve seen enough. ” A falsetto voice from the back of the observation lounge quips. “ Super strength, toxic saliva and those teeth; this thing is a monster. I want the body burned and all records of this suppressed. ” 

