We marched in columns, for what seemed like years until we finally reached the gates of the great city of Gaul. We had heard rumors about the city and the magic surrounding it but we all brushed it aside as we knew, we were the Roman Empire after all, we have God on our side and Julius Caesar at the helm, nothing can stop us. 
 
 Of course there was minimal resistance as we pushed towards the city, many of the commoners had known of the ensuing chaos that was to come. Of the few that stayed, they were worthless to our Empire. Old men, women, and children. There were some particular women that seemed to have some fancy within the troops though. Every man has to get the poison out of their system some way so taking a whore is customary. 
 
 One women stood out from the rest though. Instead of the long red hair, milk-white skin and bright blue eyes you'd expect from a Celt, this women had bright green eyes, an olive toned skin, and dark hair. Her thick accent made it hard to understand what she was saying often but all the while she claimed she was from a land far, far away and that magic was still very much alive in her homeland as well as in the great Celtic City. No one believed her, why would they? Some whore trying to talk her way out of a good fucking. 
 
 Late one evening this odd woman who called herself Jaina was serving a Centurion, a great honor for someone of her standard, the Centurion was murdered. A small cut to his belly was all it took and she vanished into the night taking her tales of Dragons, enchanted weapons, and sorcery with her. Good riddance. 
 
 The time had come for the final march on Gaul. Every soldier was itching for a chance to get his spear wet with the blood of the enemy. We outnumbered them 1000-1. Rumor had it that Julius Caesar himself was spotted among his top ranking Generals discussing strategy. 
 
 `` *Milites! Motus*!'' 
 
 The roar of thousands upon thousands of soldiers moving as one was almost deafening. But as we approached the gate, all was quiet, there were no archers atop the bannerments defending the gates, there was no hot oil being dropped, pure silence. 
 
 `` *Prohibere! *'' 
 
 Suddenly, a screech pierced the air. Something so high pitched and deafening that men's ears began to bleed. A smell of sulfur rose into the air. And almost like the Winter Solstice, a large shadow was cast only this time a large beast with wings the size of 4 Calvary standing abreast rose its giant head into the sky and bellowed flame from its mouth and snout. 
 
 They're real.
