`` No... That's not right. Definitely mom's eyes... dads ears.... but it just feels stitched together. This is n't me.'' 
 
 `` Keep going you'll hit something you like.'' 
 
 `` Its not about something I like, its about something that's real. The face that is mine and not anyone else's. I thought, I do n't know why, I thought I'd know it when it when I saw it. But its all just the same.'' 
 
 `` You've been changing faces and everything else since before I was born. Never got you upset before. I know that its got be hard with mom... But still you're still you. You tormented me growing up with it. You did some real stupid shit in high school. But I know you under there.'' 
 
 `` Yeah, that's easy for you to say. In a year mom'll recognize you, maybe not all the time, but there's something to latch onto. But me? There is n't any face I can walk in with and have it be mine! Figure and height I do n't have any conceivable clue to what mine *really* is. Hair color, eye color, I can make some guesses at from the rest of the family, but even then! *Even then! * I thought if I really tried to *feel* for it once, that something would snap into place. Natural. But its all the fucking same. Brunette is n't better than Red. Hourglass figure is n't better than pear shaped. And if I can traverse from Subsaharan Africa, to Asia, to the Mediterranean, to fucking Hitler's wet dream Aryan in skin tone, and none of that feels anything, then where do I start?'' 
 
 `` You know, we made peace with this shit a long time ago. I stopped being angry and jealous, and you stopped being just a horrendous bitch. Okay? So I get it you're overloaded. I'm stressed out and scared too. But you're not making it easy to comfort you right now. Mom's still our mom! She's not that far gone yet. You want to be recognized, then stop trying find whatever shit you were meant to be. And just settle into something, and go with that. Go with that and maybe you can impress it enough that she'll hold on being able to remember you for a little longer. And if *maybe* she holds onto my face for a little longer than you, then I'm sorry, but just consider it payment in full for those funny little jokes of yours growing up. Cause I'm a little too stressed out myself to have to teach you how to handle getting the short end of the stick for the first time in your life.'' 
 
 `` I'm... sorry. I'm not good at well anything. I have one skill and its strange enough that it got me through everything. I'm sorry.'' 
 
 `` Yeah. Me too... You know I'm terrified that one day, you'll disappear, the unrecognizable dead. I wo n't be able to even identify the body. No one will alert me. After dad and now mom, its kind of a nightmare. So let's not do the same old fights over.'' 
 
 `` You never know, maybe when I die, I'll die someplace super recognizable, and you'll know its me. Maybe then all this will fade, and you'll get to see the real me. Brother and sister meeting for the fist time at the funeral.... Well since you *are* the smart one, the one that learned from classes, and figured out life and shit. Since you managed to become all mature. What the hell are you supposed to do when you feel this scared?'' 
 
 `` At this point what else is there to do, but just be yourself. However that happens to look today.''
