I rushed up the spiral stairs, my robe flapping behind me, my breath coming in ragged gasps. Why are the Magisters so obsessed with towers? No building in the academy has less than eight flights of stairs. I ’ m amazed none of the tutors have had a heart attack yet. 
 
 Sparing a glance out of one of the little windows I can see the sun is almost at its zenith. Great… I ’ m running late. Again. 
 
 I skidded to a halt just outside the office door. Quickly, I tried to flatten down my robe a touch, straighten my lanyard and pull my hair into something resembling tidy. With Magister Antonious the only thing worse than showing up late, was showing up late and unpresentable. 
 
 I pushed the door open quietly, peering round the door into the Magister ’ s office, hoping he was too engrossed in his studies to notice the time. 
 
 “ You ’ re late Adept, no amount of sneaking will change that ” he said without looking up from his scroll. 
 
 I quickly closed the door and opened my mouth to try and explain my tardiness. 
 
 “ Don ’ t bother with the excuses Adept, I ’ ve heard then all before and quite frankly don ’ t care ” he took a breath from his pipe “ Because of your tardiness, you ’ ll be doing syntactic research tonight. ” 
 
 I ground my teeth, biting back a number of impolite responses. 
 
 Syntactic research is the most mind numbing, draining aspects of thaumatological research. It amounts to sitting up all night saying random words and pouring power into then, hoping it makes a functioning spell. It ’ s grunt work for a first year Academ, not an Adept in the last time year of their apprenticeship. Thinking better than to argue with the academy ’ s finest researcher, I strode off towards one of the periphery research chambers. 
 
 The chamber was tiny, less than my arm span across, and rather spartan. The only things in there were a timepiece opposite the door, a candle in a alcove on the wall, and a bronze circle inlaid in the floor. 
 
 “ Shas ’ Xen ” I muttered, hand extended toward the candle. A purple flame flicked to life atop it, unnaturally still and steady. 
 
 I dumped my satchel in the corner and pull out book and a quill, to note any combinations that actually manifested a spell. Slumping down into the circle, I decided to start with some simple augments. Take a spell, throw a bit on the end and see if anything happens. 
 
 “ Shas ’ Xen ’ Paru ” I breathed, forcing a little energy into it. As soon as I finished speaking a spear of pain slammed into my head, feedback from an incomplete spell that left my ears ringing. I took a steadying breath. 
 
 “ Shas ’ Xen ’ Topah ” again greeted by feedback. “ Shas ’ Xen ’ Ru ” this time there was no feedback. A small flame appeared in my palm. 
 
 A completed spell, quickly as well. 
 
 Which then started screaming. Loudly. 
 
 I promptly slammed my palm shut, cutting of the spell and the screaming. Once my ears stopped ringing, I pulled my notebook forward and scribbled a quick note. 
 
 Shas ’ Xen ’ Ru. 
 
 Mage-light base, banshee like augment. 
 
 Minimal energy change. 
 
 Applications -??? 
 
 With that I set the book down and turned my mind back to more augments. 
 
 -- - 
 
 “ Dao ’ Rae ’ Duun ” I mumbled, another surge of feedback jolted away my weariness, if only for a second. 
 
 I slumped back, resting my head against the cold stone wall. I peered toward the timepiece, squinting in the low light and through fatigue. According to it, the sun would be setting right about now. 
 
 My note book sat across from me, only half a dozen entries from tonight, all minor augments to existing spells. Not a bad result, just not enough to impress the Magister either. 
 
 if I want to avoid doing this again and again for the next few weeks then I need something substantial. Straightening up, I settled in the circle with my legs folded beneath me and my eyes closed. 
 
 They say that talented Magisters have a knack for spells, that they can just feel which words are going to doing something. So I sat, modulated my breathing, and tried to focus in the now. Then just said whatever felt right. No pattern, no logic. 
 
 “ Durven Vardesh ” I breathed, feeling the words click as the spell completed. The energy lurched out of me, enough to darken my vison and leave me panting on the floor. 
 
 Looking around, nothing seems to have changed. No burst of flame, no change of shape, no teleportation or summoned phantom. No new sights, sounds or smells. 
 
 Wait. No sounds at all. 
 
 I stared at the timepiece for a long moment and it stayed dead still, none of the arms moving and no gears turning. 
 
 This was something new! This was something that might impress the Magister. Even if it ’ s just another silencing charm, it could still have its uses. I spun and opened the door back into the main room. 
 
 “ Magister, sir ” I called with forced politeness “ could I have a moment of your time? ” 
 
 He didn ’ t move, didn ’ t even look up from the cup of wine was pouring. 
 I walked around the desk, hoping to get his attention. 
 
 “ Magi- “ I cut myself off when I saw that he, and his wine, was completely frozen. 
 Not in the sense of ice and frost, but like an unblinking statue. 
 
 I waved my hand in front of his face, with no response, then clicked my fingers a few times, to less response and finally tapped him on the nose, which felt normal but earned no response. 
 
 Looking around, I can see more evidence of the spell. The smoke from his pipe hung clumped together just above it, the rooms sole lantern hung at an unnatural angle as if mid swing and outside the window a bird was frozen mid- 
 flap as it went to land on the sill. 
 
 It was as if time stood still. 
 
 Titanswrath! I ’ ve just defied the laws of Magic. 
 This changes everything. 
 Nothing will be the same. 
 
 I rushed for Magister ’ s storage cupboard, a new spring in my step. Throwing open the door, I grabbed the three plushest looking quilts and ran back to the periphery chamber. Each quilt was larger than the whole floor so they had to be folded before I threw them down. 
 
 With no preamble I jumped into the makeshift bed and settled in for my first full nights sleep in nearly four years. 
 
 Stars above, I love magic. 
 
 -- - 
 
 Hey, first Prompt I've responded to so any constructive criticism would be very much appreciated, but go easy on me: D 
 
 SC
