I ended up in the past. Alone. I ’ d been in a sandbox at school. I still remember that. And how my bones felt like they were frozen solid, but my skin burned like lava. Even after the ECT, I remember being in that sandbox. I didn ’ t want to remember, but I did. I didn ’ t want to know how painful it must have been for my mom to get that call from my school telling her that her son had Tripped. 
 
 When I got picked up by the orphanage, a few days after my Trip, they thought I was crazy so I got shipped to some new place called the Insane Hospital. But I wasn ’ t the only one who remember the future. This man Jerry said he was from a time period a little after mine. He spoke of cars, vast highways, skyscrapers, and hoverboards. Some things I remember, other things I didn ’ t know. But Jerry was always nice until the finally gave him the lobotomy. 
 
 “ Never tell anyone about the Trip, Keith. ” He told me before getting carted away. I wish I had followed his advice. Even he couldn ’ t keep his own secrets, as he criticized the science and rational of our asylum. He spilled the beans to one of the nurses, who put him through ECT. It did n't work. When he got back from the lobotomy he said he couldn ’ t remember anything from before. I remember it so well, because it was one of the days Dorothea Dix had come to visit too. I liked Miss Dix because she always believed me. 
 
 “ Miss Dix, come talk to this boy. ” One of the nurses said to her, as she wheeled jerry outside for “ suntime ”. “ He seems to have suffer from the same conditions of our friend Jerry here. ” 
 
 She leaned over to me. “ Why hello young man. Would you like to tell me about what you remember before the orphanage picked you up? ” She was such a nice lady. She didn ’ t like it when the nurses deviated from the treatment plans she set out. She thought we could just get better if we were just treated like normal people. I was normal. They were crazy. 
 
 “ The buildings, and the cars. So many cars. My mom and dad both had a car. I remember being in the backseat. And we had a TV—this thing that you could see other people with, but it was all schedules and nice, just like our lives, but other people ’ s for us to watch. Llke looking into someone ’ s brain while they read a book. ” 
 
 She looked at me with sympathy, a condescending glazed look one usually gives a crazy person. I just wanted to be back in that sandbox, but the truth is I don ’ t know what my life would ’ ve been like. But I didn ’ t want to be a swiss-head like Jerry. 
 
 “ That ’ s quite an imagination you ’ ve got there, sweetheart ” she told me. “ And you heard this from Jerry too? ” 
 
 I remembered Jerry ’ s advice. “ I guess so. I don ’ t know. I think so. ” I told her. 
 
 We talked a bit more until she left. I never saw her again. It took a long time for everyone to believe that I ’ d tightened screws made loose from the orphanage, and appropriating Jerry ’ s stories for myself. I wish miss Dix had seen a TV, but I was just too far in the past. I tried to remember the sandbox, but after all these years in the Insane Hospital, I just didn ’ t want to remember dark spot in my mind—the future was my secret past, one I kept so close I just can ’ t even remember what were Jerry ’ s memories and what were mine. 

