I live a very difficult life. The life of a polyglot, that is, one who speaks multiple languages. The law dictates that a single language is enough for a single person. It is based on the misguided belief that to speak a second language, one must invite a demon within themselves, for the human mind ca n't handle more than one language. I know that this is a lie, that my mind remains my own. I also know that it is very tiring to maintain five separate lives, all in secret from each other, and the government. 
 
 I stroll down the street, and see Vladimir walking the other way. I slip into the Russian mindset. We stop next to each other. 
 
 `` здравствуйте володя'' I say, eager to carry on. I have work in a short while, and I ca n't let Vlad hold me up for too long. He greets me in return, and we chat briefly, but I glance at my watch, and tell him that I really need to go now. We say our goodbyes, and I rush to work. Ahh, time for the French to come out. 
 
 Most of my co-workers are French. Due to language problems, you tend not to see too many people work in a place who do n't speak the owners language. I get to my desk, and to my delight, I see Jean already there. He's a bilingual. I caught him talking German to some strangers once. After that, I learned the language myself, and we became great friends. I look around, cautiously, and go over to him. 
 
 `` Guten Tag, Jean.'' He smiles back at me, and perhaps somewhat wisely, he replies in French. 
 
 `` Bonjour, ça va?'' 
 
 `` Ça va bien, merci. Et toi?'' 
 
 And so on. We banter as we work, and afterwards, we leave together, and go to a German bar. I think that they serve the best beers, and that's based on five different nationality's bars. I love coming here with Jean. It's always a great night. Well, almost always. Tonight, for some reason, a few Russians decided to come here. Maybe to start a fight, maybe just to drink. I do n't know. What I do know, is that Vladimir is the one at the front of the group. As I turn to look at the group, we recognise each other. 
 
 Unthinking, I let out the first swear that comes to mind. `` Shit.'' Well, now I've completely screwed myself. Sure, Jean knew that I spoke English, but everyone else in the pub nearly dropped their beer, and the Russians did a double take, especially Vlad. He looked wounded, as if he could n't believe that I would break the law, and not trust him enough to tell him. My life is falling to pieces. I stand up, and walk to the door, quietly. 
 
 The second the door is closed behind me, I run. I run to the place I go when I'm in trouble. The church. I walk in, sweat dripping from my brow, the smell of German beer on my breath. I walk past everyone else in the church, and sit in the second row, collecting myself. I kneel down, and begin to pray in Latin, the language of the church. I pray fervently, hoping, beyond hope, that I had n't been reported, that Vladimir would forgive me, and above all that I would remain safe. 
 
 I knew that such a selfish prayer would fall upon deaf ears, the only ears that God would spare for such a selfish prayer. Yet still I prayed. I was still praying when the government official walked in, and sat next to me. 
 
 `` I may not understand what you're saying, but I know that you understand me. Listen to me very carefully, but do n't let anyone else here know what I'm saying. Would n't want these religious types to believe you possessed by a demon now would we?'' 
 
 He's talking as if to himself, but his words can be directed at none other than me. I continue my prayers, only half paying attention to them. He has the rest of my focus. 
 
 `` Contrary to popular belief, we do n't punish polyglots, we employ them. Those who are more willing to break the rules are more useful to us. Those who have the capacity to learn multiple languages, have the capacity to better lead us. If my observations today are correct, you can speak five different languages, and that makes you one of the smartest men on the planet, and one of the most useful. You could go far. Of course, if you do n't want to work for use, then I'm sure that you'll find prison very much to your liking. I'm going to be waiting for you just outside, and I want a'yes' or a'no'. Will you work for us? Your choice.'' 
 
 He gets up, and walks out. I stay for a short while, but my choice is no choice at all. I get up, and walk out after him. He's leaning against the door, smoking. I see the gun on his belt. I swallow. He looks at me, a hand going to his gun. I clear my throat, even though I do n't really need to. I look him in the eyes. 
 
 `` I'll do it.''
