I adjusted my cap as the scorching sky shook once again. Their ship was coming through the bellowing black and red cloud above. Any minute now they would emerge, land, and I would have to address both them and the rest of the world, of civilization, of our intentions. 
 
 
 I tried to remember my speech, the words written by committee by three generations of us. *How do you fight the invincible? How do you hide from the omnipresent? * I swallowed hard. I knew the words. I could n't forget them. Words that would change everything. Words that would stick in my throat. 
 
 
 The sky roared again and their ship finally emerged. It was exactly as the old pictures portrayed it. Exactly how my grandfather described it. As wide and as tall as three blocks of downtown skyscrapers. Countless lights, blinking and moving. Since it first arrived one hundreds years ago it's image was unescapable. I must had seen it every day of my adults life and yet here, now, its sheer size overwhelmed me. *We are not fighting for our future. We are also preserving. Preserving our achievements. Our advancements. Our humanity. * 
 I must have started to look down at my shoes, because when General Mills grabbed my arm I jumped. I turned to him and his face was contorted in horror, eyes fixed on the sky behind me. I turned and immediately saw why; hundreds, maybe thousands of smaller replica ships were landing behind the mother. A trail of squares followed those that were landing, getting smaller and darker as they went up towards the fierce clouds. I turned back to Mills. `` What is this?'' 
 `` An invasion'' his eyes firmly fixed on the skyline. 
 
 
 I bit my lip. This was n't how it was agreed. They were supposed to return and give us a free shot. A chance. To wait and see what we could do. But they've now arrived ready to take it all. As if it's a forgone conclusion. Suddenly my words felt smoother, more palatable. 
 
 
 *What can not be shared can not be taken. We will preserve. * 
 The front of the mothership opened, as it did all those years ago, and out came one of them. Tall, fat, layered, floating. Above it span its communications wheel, hovering and whirring as it cut through the smoky air. It advanced towards me, perhaps staggered. I could n't tell. I did n't care. My mouth twisted in anticipation. 
 
 
 *Everything ends. Everything. But not many have the chance to choose how. And this is our choice. Our terms. Our making. We will not go quietly. * 
 I did n't stand on ceremony. I said the words. I said them to my colleagues, my family, my species. To the billions watching across the world. I settled. Began to enjoy it. I spoke of the decision being made early on, and the grand announcement. How life still prospered since their visit. And I even threw in a line about their intended invasion not phasing us. They could bring their entire race with them. We would preserve. Then I delivered the blow. 
 
 
 `` You will not see us armed. We will not fight. But we will not go quietly. This is our earth. Our planet. It's history is ours, and we will not allow anyone to make all the lives we lost to get this far, mean nothing. Below the ground, at the core of the earth, lie our weapons. Every warhead and missile in the world. Buried. The nations of the world united in our declaration. You can kill us. But you can not take us.'' 
 I turned to General Mills. His eyes were moist but his lip tightened. My head felt heavy, but I nodded. He turned and nodded to the team behind him, and it was done. 
 
 
 The creature squelched and turned back to its ship. The communications wheel whistled, but I did n't care to translate. They tried to retreat, their ships blinking and whirring as they fired back up to leave, but it was too late. 
 
 
 I felt thunder beneath my feet, and then... 
 *It will end how it began. *
