“ Oops, ” said Simon. The cleaver had slipped out of his hand - he could always barely control his trembles, much less his sweat - and fell into the girl ’ s strapped arm. 
 
 “ Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhh-aah-aah. Aaaahhhhhh!! ” she screamed. 
 
 Simon looked around alarmingly, searching the floor for - for what? There was nothing there to help him. “ I ’ m - uhm - sorry, one - uhm... ” 
 
 From a trained professional, Simon ’ s performance would have been regarded as truly exceptional psychological torture. As such, he was merely bumbling around, trying his best to keep calm and bring this girl to a quick death. 
 
 “ Uhm... ” he wasn ’ t sure if it was better to take the cleaver out or leave it. Which is more painful? He thought about it for a moment, and then decided that, were he being killed by a hitman, he would prefer his last visions of life to not include a butcher ’ s knife buried into his arm. He reached down and hapharzardly pulled the thing out. 
 
 The girl ’ s screaming reached dizzying degrees of pitch and volume. He looked for a moment at the gaping arm and the gushing blood, and pondered that perhaps this had not been a good choice. Best now to make things quick. 
 
 “ I ’ m sorry about this, ” he tried saying over her screams. “ The boss hands it down and I got ta do... ” he sighed and wondered if she even heard him. “ Listen, lady, it ’ s just - you know - my job. I don ’ t mean to... oh, fuck it. ” 
 
 He could not, at this moment, remember what was the point of leaving his gun. Somehow he got it in his mind that it sent a more powerful message to do this kind of thing slowly and dramatically. But while often called slow, Simon had never in his life been called “ dramatic. ” Or “ theatrical. ” 
 
 Hesitatingly, he pushed the knife to her throat and tried to squeeze in some last evocative words before offing her. “ * ahem * Uhm. You know, ( his voice lowered a few tones and took on some gangster bravada ) you try to catch the king, and - wait - you should always count... your... gods? Dammit... ” 
 
 He raised his eyes to the ceiling, like he always did when embarassed, and muttered to himself to find his epic last words catch phrase. Unfortunately, he didn ’ t notice that in between sobs and cries, the girl had freed her foot from his loose binding and presently was able to land a hard kick on his inflated right ankle. Normally this wouldn ’ t matter, but her blood was greasing the floor, and in one swift motion Simon was down. 
 
 “ Ooohhh... ” The warehouse was a sad mix of cries and struggles to be free ( intermixed with kicking at the now downed captor ) and moans of pain from Simon. He lifted his head, breathed out heavily, and dropped it back to the floor. 
 
 A few hours later, as he came to with a gun and badge in his face, he wondered at the merits of being a hitman in this day and age. “ Perhaps my skill set, ” he thought to himself as they roughly mirandized him and shoved his head down into the car, “ will be better utilized in prison. I ’ ve always wanted to be a librarian. ”
