Flamingos. Tacky, filthy, ugly birds that they are, my neighbor loves them. Now normally I would consider his fascination with the pink plastic monstrocities to be a self punishing addiction, but he ran out of lawn last summer. Thus began the war of inches. Every two weeks he uproots his one-legged menagerie to mow the lawn. Then he replaces them a little wider apart, a little more in my territory. It took me a while to realize exactly when he crossed the line, but a while back I came home to find a flamingo in a tophat, and a beach bum looking bird, poking their fat noses into my roses. 
 
 Under my front window. 
 
 Six feet into my yard. 
 
 It drove me into a frenzy. I do n't remember what exactly about the birds set me off. It could have been their beady black eyes. It might have been their smooth pink bodies. Perhaps it was my slowly disappearing lawn. Whatever the reason, all I could do that Sunday afternoon was sit there in my driveway screaming obscenities at the fuzzy dice on my rearview mirror. 
 
 In an ideal world plastic flamingos, much like their flesh and feather counterparts, would be a rare and endangered species. In an ideal world a man would be allowed to take a flame thrower to his front lawn if it offends him. It could have been hilarious: I would have ignited a circle of flamingos as a single flaming'O'. I, however, do not live in an ideal world and must make do with more mundane tactics. A quick search online gave me exactly what I wanted: In a couple of weeks I had just what I needed. 
 
 Whatever statute exists pertaining to statuary needs to make exceptions regarding the pink menace. For example, hedge clippers seem to be designed specifically to sever the wire stalks that fake flamingos call legs. Am I allowed to use hedge clippers for such a noble cause? No! The flamingos belong to that jackass next door. Sure they're on my yard, but I'm not an animal. No, instead of taking a baseball bat, or a golf club, or a weed whacker to the offending birds, I bought into his game. My army of lawn gnomes is on the offensive now. We've gained a few inches on flamingo territory and we're gaining more every week. You may not be able to see the little guys beneath the blanket of pink, but they're there, and they're fighting the good fight on the gnome front.
