I always had a vague notion that I was different - special even. I was to learn later on that what I considered normal, others thought was extraordinary. 
 
 The wind has always followed my every whim. I would ask it to change direction, stop, or grow in intensity and it would. There was no one to teach me how to do this but myself. 
 
 It was a tiring endeavor however. One simple request felt like I ran a long time except my legs would n't feel tired and my lungs would n't burn. 
 
 As with all childish notions, I grew out of the belief that I controlled the wind. Still, one incident haunts me. I try not to think about it and most of the time I am successful. It is impossible to escape the past however. 
 
 Years ago, I was in one of my elementary classes. The wind had been unusual, ominous really. It was like a warning. No one else noticed, so I thought nothing of it and attended class as usual. Midway into her lesson, my teacher was interrupted by [ sirens ] ( https: //www.youtube.com/watch? v=GVz6lEe6s9g ). There was a fear in her eyes, but she tried not to let it show. I started getting scared. 
 
 `` Okay class, these sirens mean we're going to have a, uh, tornado drill. Now let's move in an orderly fashion to the basement.'' The other students happily complied as we followed her to the school basement. I could n't shake the feeling of disaster, and it confused me that the other kids were n't afraid. 
 
 We just sat there, a flurry of voices, waiting. There was a *noise* in the background that was getting steadily louder until it was right over us. By this time, everyone was quiet. Well, there were some children sobbing and some adults offering words of comfort. The rumbling got louder and there were sounds of things being pulled apart. 
 
 There was a crashing sound next. The lights went out. Screams were barely audible at this point. The whole building was shaking. I closed my eyes, covered my ears, and willed it all to go away. The shaking got worse, the noise louder, but I refused to open my eyes. I started feeling water pour on me and in a few moments I was soaked. I just kept telling it to *go away*. 
 
 I do n't know when I lost consciousness. The story goes on to say that when the rescuers got to the school, there was a path where very little rubble was. It was like someone had created a path - a path that led to me. Little unconscious me was curled in a ball. I was the only survivor and I came out of that ordeal unscathed. 
 
 I moved to a new town with my family, saw a psychologist, and tried very hard to forget. Little did I know, someone would find me and introduce me to a fantastic and dangerous side of our world - a secret world of magic!
