It was Wednesday. I was still feeding canned meat to the child, but I knew that would no longer be viable. I had already gone through every can I had stored in the fallout shelter—and that was meant to be a haven for three hungry people for as long as five years. I had begun buying in bulk at a warehouse store near downtown. 
 
 Non-viable, too, because of the heat. By Wednesday water came out of the faucet boiling. It did n't bother me to touch, and the new consistency my skin had slowly taken apparently made it invulnerable to fire. My new skin had the texture of a snake without scales. It fit snug on my unnaturally lengthening bones and, despite the repulsion and nausea I continued to feel when I studied it too closely, gave me an unmistakable sense of power. 
 
 This all was undoubtably due to the child. The heat in my apartment, the sickening puberty I was going through, there was no doubt in my mind that this was all because of the child, that sobbing, steaming, red, very red, deep, fiery red thing in the crib, burning the sheets with its shit and spewing sacrilege and obscenities about the Good Lord and His son. All the wallpaper in the room had been scorched off when the child sneezed three days ago. It had grown considerably since then. I foresaw that soon my previous child's crib, my late human son's crib, would collapse. It was some force I did n't understand that kept the wooden thing from bursting into flame days ago. The crib was no longer the crib that held my son. Now it was something that did n't belong here, the source of the unnatural heat. 
 
 My nose had receded up almost entirely, leaving me with two long nasal slits below and between my eyes. My hair had burned off almost as soon as the child had been delivered and my scalp, wrists, and belly grew flushed redder every day, though not, I had realized, with blood. 
 
 Thursday was a milestone. At half past two, the doorbell rang. Over the speaker came greetings and polite queries and explanations, but I could n't understand the words. It was like trying to interpret the shrieks of children. I was no longer one of them, and the noises he made at me induced pity and rage. I realized this was the effect the child was having on my mind. I buzzed the man in and waited for him to come up to the sixth floor. 
 
 My apartment apparently still appeared normal from the hallway. Our visitor gave a solid knock before screaming in pain. I opened the door; the heat from inside pounced out into the corridor, shattering the light bulbs and making the air shudder as if being choked. I looked behind me for a weapon then remembered that with my new hands, a weapon would be redundant. The visitor had flattened himself against the wall, nursing his hand—his knuckles had been burned, skin coming off on the door, exposed knuckle bones still glowing. I knew what I had to do for the child. I would never have done it before, but I was different now. I had no choice. I stepped toward the cowering man. He had already soaked through his shirt with sweat. He was crying. 
 
 The child's voice came from all directions. *'' Feed,'' * it cried, shrill and with inhuman depth. The sound made my skull ache. Its first word. 
 
 I was proud as a mother can be.
