God laughed when Satan asked, thinking he was kidding.It was rare that either of them fell upon circumstances requiring them to manifest a physical form. It was bothersome to both of them and it seemed silly to the Most High that a meeting like this would produce a question like the one that just pounced out of Lucifers mouth. Satan was n't kidding though and soon spoke again. 
 
 `` Where is our mother?'' he asked. 
 
 `` Unless you are speaking in the most obtuse and absolutely metaphysical terms, that is a non-question to which the only correct answer is an answer to another question entirely. `` said God, humouring the Devil as much as possible. He started getting annoyed with the situation; the import of a corporeal meeting between the most powerful beings in the universe juxtaposing itself in his mind with the trite and simplistic question posed now and added, ``... So I suggest you elaborate quickly on what you mean.'' adding a bass to his voice that would rend a world asunder. 
 
 Unfazed, the Prince of Lies elaborated. `` I have seen you. You are solitary and quiet, valuing nothingness and silence. Everything you've created fails eventually, leading itself down a spiral that is as close to nothing as can be before it becomes nothing itself. Death, erosion, decay, entropy. The breaking down of creation is not necessary for its existence, nor is it a failure on your part. It could remain as it is for all eternity if you chose, and yet you choose for everything to die. Why create it all in the first place? Why not begin at the happy end, if you had the choice? 
 
 `` No, this was n't all just you. `` said the Devil nearly sneering. `` Whatever prompted the beginning of all things, something else had a hand in it, and whatever it was... whatever had the power to convince you to break the silence and engage in this tumult of everything, I want to know what that is.'' 
 
 The Lord wrinkled his brow. `` Um... That... That was n't really a secret. I did n't really, create... Everything. I am the Destroyer. Everything is your mother, and she has always existed alongside me. I have broken her down into parts; Light and dark, water and land, insect and mammal, igneous and sedimentary. I have created imperfect things from her perfect form, ever smaller, always finite and degrading into nothingness, as you said, a spiral into oblivion. 
 
 `` Were we ever one? Oh, possibly. She may have cleaved herself in two to make me. I do n't know if I was always with her. That is the one thing I do n't know. I do know that she was always with me, much like I have always been with you. 
 
 `` So you were never the creator at all! You claim to just be a link in the chain like all the rest of us! The Beginning is as much a mystery to you as it is to everything else!'' Satan was so infuriated by the Lords answer that he was squeaking these words. 
 
 God pressed his lips together thinly, thinking carefully. `` Just as a carpenter creates sawdust in making a table, I too created detritus in the making of Everything into nothing. I am the creator of the universe, of time and space, of idea and matter, but these are nothing more than the carvings of your mother's flesh. That is all I have ever claimed. I thought the existence of your mother would be obvious. I suppose she is much bigger than you. She is larger than me as well. Why do you think it's taking so long to tear her asunder!? `` the Creator laughed loudly then. 
 
 `` As for whether or not I or she were the beginning, she is clearly the beginning and I am clearly the end. And what happens when I finish my task and all is silent? She will build herself back up again I'm sure. If not... well....all the better for me. `` he finished. 
 
 `` oh'' the Devil said.
