The First Dragonrider was upset. First, the kobold outbreak in the cellar had damaged the Mana Transformer and caused a power outage. Then, at noon, Melrichus learned that some filthy gnomes had hacked his MenMeetElves.com profile and had leaked it on the InterPlanetnet. Soon, the whole Realm of Alnaeth would know about the lewd messages he sent to High Priestress Eftanaël... And now, when he thought it could n't be a worse Delthor-day, he was convoked by the High-Emperor of Alnaeth. 
 
 
 His plan of spending a quite day with his dragon, Alarax, was ruined and he did n't see any day in the near future where he would have the time. Tomorrow, he had that quest in Alren that would at least take a week. Then, he had to eradicate the Elvish saboteurs at the D & D Simulation centre of Halberon. This had been pushed back too many times and needed to be done as soon as possible. After that, it would be the next season of dragonriding and he absolutely needed to train if he did n't want to be kicked out of the team. Melrichus did n't think they would dare to kick the First Dragonrider of Alnaeth but he could n't be sure. Plus, Dragonbowl was in less than two months and he did n't want to bring shame upon his name. 
 
 
 As he walked towards he dragon stables he issued orders to his servants through the phone built in his enchanted bracelet. The ruby glowed as the worried voice of the goblin Head Majordome answered that the winecellar he wanted to buy had been sold this morning. 
 
 
 His ultralight nanotube armor came flying from the armoury by the press of a button on his bracelet. In a few seconds, all the golden armour parts attached themselves to his body. His winged helmet kept flying above him. 
 
 
 Alarax was found bathing in the waterfall, being massaged by the two brandnew mechanical arms he had installed on the dragon for its birthday. 
 
 `` I do n't care bro, that Elf is n't going to interrupt my bath. Find another hobby here at home or buy one of these flying metal ships but I am not going to work on Delthor-day.'' Dragons and dragonriders could speak through a neurological implant connected by Redtooth. 
 
 `` Today's not the day. Believe me, my day was also ruined. So, please, do n't be annoying'' 
 
 `` Ai n't gon na happen'' 
 
 `` You do n't have anything to say about it, it's an imperial convocation. Now get out of the water!'' 
 
 `` Come on! You know my flight-assisting boosters are being repaired! Fuck the emperor!'' 
 
 `` Technology has made you so lazy. And I cant refuse an imperial convocation.'' 
 
 Alarax reluctantly came out of the water and let his rider mount him. 
 
 As the dragon flew towards a setting sun, Melrichus yelled at his bracelet. `` AND DO N'T FORGET TO CALL THOSE DAMN DWARVEN MAGENGINEERS FROM MANATECH! IF THE TRANSFORMER DOES N'T GET REPAIRED SOON, THE WHOLE ISLAND WILL CRASH DOWN!'' 
 

