On a star ship 15000km above earth, two astronauts awake from a cold sleep; upon their first glimpse they see the pale blue marble that legends have talked about. They were sent as the first expedition back to earth since the atmospheric black out. 
 
 Years of war and plundering the earth of its resources has left the climate in a sort of hostile incubation period. Nuclear fall out has cleared most cities of any sort of life, and coastal cities were all flooded after the ice caps melted. Human life was able to escape extinction by taking up residence in an artificial sleep satellite orbiting Titan. 
 
 Of the two pilots, it was up to them to establish whether earth could support habitation again or to hold back from the resurrection of the sleeping human race. 
 
 Brandon squinted his eyes as earth rapidly approached view, he know auto pilot would take care of the landing but he could n't help but feel his orbital mechanic training kick in and felt the need to disengage auto pilot to remain in orbit for a little longer. 
 
 He turned to his partner to get some feedback. 
 `` Earth huh, I've had some crazy dreams on our way here. How are you holding out Andrew?'' 
 
 Andrew gazed blankly, still halfway in his sleep stupor. 
 ``...'' 
 
 Brandon turned away, knowing he would n't be able to react until his partner Andrew administrated his own stim-pack. 
 
 The ship changed trajectory and started a shallow descent into the atmosphere.... 
 
 Clouds swirled around viciously as they entered the lower troposphere and landed in an over grown field of corn. Small birds and wild life fled on fear of the new ship that just landed. 
 
 Brandon switched on the biosphere monitor and turned back to his partner. 
 `` Andrew get your stim-pack and set up the field kit. We're about to make history!'' 
 Brandon sneered as he walked towards the lab. 
 
 Andrew cracked open his stim-pack and set it in his suits medical intake. Instantly he felt a white hot sensation as the stim-pack was injected into his vascular system and cleared out the cold sleep molecules that were lingering in his blood. Sensory and processing power of his brain picked up to normal pace and he set up to work on the monitor. 
 
 Brandon returned with a recon drone and placed it in airlock. He had been preparing for this day since his first day he could remember. After setting the the drone he cleared the airlock and shot the drone from the ships airlock out the roof where it dismantled into a quadcoptor drone and took off to survey the area. 
 
 Step two of five and he could return back to the station to make history... 
 After a quick few minutes he checked the monitor too see how far the drone made it. 
 
 Andrews screen lit up with a blaring warning, stating the drone had been attacked by an unknown object, before they could react a large object crashed against their ship and Brandon and Andrew flew against the wall. The ships viewport was obscured by a haze of tiny dots that worked as a swarm. 
 
 Brandon scrambled to his feet and hit the emergency button, the walls and every crevice shielded up from the outside world and auxiliary power kicked on. 
 
 `` What the fuck was that! `` 
 Brandon muttered furiously, 
 
 Andrew pulled out his communicator on information net and pulled up diagnostic readings the ship collected. 
 
 `` Brandon! I've got some bad news. These are n't organic readings, it seems it's a swarm of sentient nano bots, they took out and drone and devoured it completely.'' 
 
 Before either of them had a second word, the walls seemed to begin dissolving. And a shearing ear splitting hum was banging on the ships hull. 
 
 The ship chimed on with a ping indicating biosphere analysis was complete. The information scrawled on the viewport showing the origin of the nanobots.... `` Medical nanobots for the blood stream, Manufactured by Google... 
 
 The ships wall gave way and the swarm amassed around Brandon as it got through the suit and leaving nothing but an empty suit, the same fate fell to the other pilot and left no trace of the ship... Mission to earth. Was NOT a success. 
 
 
 ( Sorry if it seems stilted, this is my first time posting a story: ) ) 
 -edited for spelling. 

