Richmond was not happy with his life. It seemed like a natural path; good grades in high-school, Harvard law, an MBA to follow up, marriage, two children, a messy divorce after an affair, and seeing his children once a month after they moved half the country away. He was a successful man, in upper-middle management of a law firm, a job that required eighty hour work weeks. But most of all, he was bored. 
 
 Waking up in this room left him confounded. It was a perfect cube, twenty feet from side to side. Smooth metal walls. And a big red button. 
 
 A big red button and a sign saying `` the only way out''. He was a lawyer, and trusted that vague phrasing as much as he did his ex-wife, who had carefully turned the children against him until they could barely stand to be in the same room as him. He trusted that sign about as much as he did his coworkers, who would gleefully destroy him if they only had a chance. He trusted those words about as much as he trusted himself to be happy. And Richmond was not a happy man. 
 
 He ran his hands over every inch of the room he could reach. The dull steel had not so much as the tiniest indent on it. The florescent light at the top of the room gave artificiality to the surroundings that felt somehow more natural than the fake comfort of the aesthetics of his office. Worst of all, there was absolutely no sound. He could hear himself breathing, the rush of blood through his ears, his heartbeat, all of the things that the background noise of the outside world drowns out. 
 
 There was no door. The walls were just one hunk of metal, no seems or cracks in the corners, no place for a door to be. He saw no way he could be put into this room that required anything less than it be built around him. As to why someone would do that? Well, he had his share of enemies. His ex-wife would want him dead, and a few of his clients that could n't dare leave him. Richmond thought for a second that perhaps he was being paranoid, that the utter alien silence of the room was getting to him. The lack of anything to smell other than his clothes, now on him for at least a day, the only taste in his mouth that of bad morning breath... maybe it was getting to him. 
 
 Naturally, he dismissed this. No one would be doing him a favor by this. The place had no way in or out, so there is no way out. Not until he dies of thirst. Or banging his head against the wall until he bleeds out. 
 
... or that button. 
 
 A big red button. 
 
 The *only* way out. 
 
 `` Well, since I already know what the only way out is...'' he said to himself. 
 
 His hand wavered over the button. He pressed down.
