As I laid many hand on thedoor, I noticed that it appeared to be unlocked. Strange, I thought. It appears that the security forgot to lock this door. I wonder if there's anything valuable inside. 
 
 The building, long ago gutted by a sudden fire, was nothing special, of course. Ashes lay everywhere, along with the shredded remains of various cheap floorings and office trinkets. The fact that this door was unlocked must mean something more interesting was inside. 
 
 As I pulled the door open, a bright light was in my face. I was momentarily blinded, and stepped into the room without realizing where I was going. 
 
 When my vision cleared, I found myself staring in an office space. The clacking of keyboards and the ringing of phones amalgamated with various employee chit-chat, creating a cacophony of corporate clichés. 
 
 There was a woman at the front desk, wearing a plaid skirt with clothes that simply could not accommodate her curvature, nor a long, whip-like tail that appeared to have a mind of its own. Curved horns jutting out of her head did little to extinguish the embers of lust that I felt as I saw her. 
 
 `` Good morning. How may I assist you?'' I winced, her voice containing all of a woman's pitch with none of her control. 
 
 `` Um, what are you guys doing here? Who are you?'' 
 
 `` One moment please.'' The woman picked up a ringing phone. `` 3rd Circle of Hell, Compliance Department, how may I direct your call?'' 
 
 As she babbled on the phone, I tried to blot out her voice and take a look around. Yellowing grey walls loomed all around, with a few windows here and there. As I took a look out the window, you could barely make out a mass of crimson bedrock, on top of which was a massive, multi-level parking garage, which obstructed the rest of the view. 
 
 Opposite the window was a small billboard, with various postings, some typed, some handwritten. `` Need babysitter for the upcoming weekend.'' `` Ford Pinto for Sale, please call...'' Most of the space was taken up by a rather large poster. `` Opportunity,'' it read, `` You miss 100 % of the shots you do n't take.'' 
 
 A small clack told me that the woman had hung up the phone. I reapproached the desk, and put on my best smile. 
 
 `` Hi, can you tell me what this place is?'' 
 
 `` Certainly! This is the 3rd Circle of Hell, Compliance Department. How can I help you?'' 
 
 `` Um, sorry, this is Hell? What do you do here?'' 
 
 `` Yes, this is Hell. Here in the Compliance Department we make sure the teams are all in compliance with SEC, HIPPA, HR, AML, Safety, FDA, NBA, and other regulations.'' 
 
 `` What the hell do any of those have to do with each other?'' 
 
 `` Oh, I see, you're one of the new trainees today. There was a message about that earlier.'' The woman pulls up Lotus Notes on her computer, typing in her password one key at a time. 
 
 `` Ah, that's right. You need to report to HR! Here, I'll go arrange someone to get you. In the meantime feel free to have some coffee in the lounge.'' 
 
 Before I could say another word, I found myself in a lounge, where a TV was blasting some news, talking about a missing plane, and a few decrepit looking coffee machines stood next to a pair of vending machines, filled to the brim with chewing gum and flavorless baked chips. I helped myself to some of the coffee. It was, of course, disgusting.
