`` I have to say I liked how they used the homeless,'crazy' people for foreshadowing. The entire time they have a sign or are telling people the world is going to end but no one listens to them. Even in some of the darker moments of the series I liked how they were used it to give us an idea oh how the show was going to end. 
 
 The political satire was repetitive but well done. In the end humans need to have a dictator in charge to be able to run a nation effectively. The biggest problem was when they allowed for group decision. Initially it worked well but over time corruption destroyed the system and eventually a singular leader would rise and take control. What would make sense it to bread a class that would be the leader of men. This was attempted with kings and queens but it was n't until the understanding of genetics that they could really pull this off. Instead of trying to have people who are bred to be leaders they still tried to have a democratic system. As I said this was repetitive but they found new ways of trying democratic systems as well as how they collapse. 
 
 Their humanity and compassion as well as lack of made for some of the greatest emotional episodes that we have seen or will see for quite some time. Some of them will to do whatever it took to stand above everyone while others were willing to give their lives in service to others. I can honestly say I cried during some of those episodes. 
 
 While it did have its flaws,'Humans' was a great show to watch. I wish it was still going to be around but considering the premise of the show there was no way that they would be around for the next few million years. You did n't realize it in the beginning but as the show went on you realized that they could save themselves but they were destined to fall back into habits that would cause them to end themselves. Yes I would love to have watch them venture off to other planets and start to colonize their solar system. It would have been fun it would seem like the show was being forced to stay on the air and over time we would have lost interest in it and forgotten how great of a show it originally was. 
 
 Final review: 4.5 out of 5 start''
