`` Look, I know it seems like the only way out, but trust me, it is n't worth it.'' Albert said as he tried to talk the young woman away from the edge. 
 
 `` What do you know? You have no idea how hard my life is, so fuck off!'' Melissa snapped at him. 
 
 She had been contemplating suicide for some time after her husband ran off with another woman, unable to work because of the pregnancy that forced him into the marriage just 4 months prior. Unable to work and lacking any family to support her, she lost her home and had nowhere to go, and after losing a steady food supply, had a miscarriage. Everything seemed to be caving in on her. 
 
 `` How long have you been homeless?'' Albert asked, able to tell because of her obviously dirty and ragged clothing. 
 
 `` About two weeks now. I had an interview lined up for last week at a gas station, but since I could n't shower and smelled like the devil's asshole they would n't hire me.'' Melissa turned away from the cliff to talk to him, for some reason this man's understanding calmed her, and she started to reconsider. 
 
 `` Well, that's definitely rough. Say, I may just have a solution for you! I need someone to help clean up around my house. I would have you clean twice a week, fifty bucks each time you do. I know it's not much, so I can offer you a place to stay until you get back on your feet, but only if you promise that you are going to.'' Albert had a very kind and gentle voice, and was considered by many to be a pillar of the community with an almost problematic dedication to helping those in need. 
 
 `` Oh my fuck, would you really? Thank you so much, mister, you are so generous, I promise I will do a good job!'' Melissa was ecstatic to say the least. 
 
 `` One thing though, sir, I believe that we have n't formally met yet. I'm Melissa. It's so great to meet you.'' 
 Albert smirked. This was going to be too easy. She was still standing so close to the edge. 
 
 `` Nice to meet you, Melissa, I may as well be the fucking Grim Reaper for all it matters to you.'' He said, while instead of shaking her hand, he leaned slightly forward and gave a hard thrust with both hands into Melissa's shoulders, pushing her just enough to knock her off the edge. Her face was reflecting total and utter confusion, followed by screams of terror as she realized what was happening. 
 
 `` For fuck's sake, she did n't have to scream, it's what she wanted.'' Albert returned to his home, waiting patiently to save yet another damaged soul. 

