`` Lock!'' I threw myself backward onto the metal grate floor and crawled helplessly backward away from the thick metal door that hissed loudly as it sealed. A heartbeat later a resounding thud echoed around the small corridor, then another- and another- Then an unending screech that, even through the thick metal cut through me so deeply I thought it would make my ears bleed. 
 
 What the *fuck* was that- that- *thing*. It looked somewhat human, two legs, about the same length torso, a head, neck. It's about there that the similarities ended though- from the glimpse of it I'd seen it looked like a nightmarish Amputee- A steaming pile of *stinking* flesh that screeched and ran, and cut. Oh God- the cutting- How could I even forget for a second the cutting. 
 
 It had moved quickly- and silently at first. If it had n't been for the motion-triggered lights inside the compound I would n't have stood a fucking chance. 
 
 The facility has only a limited power supply so to try and make sure that no power was wasted the system was designed to waste nothing- That meant that the facility was plunged into darkness until someone moved into the area when the system would turn on the lights. 
 
 I'd been making my way from the cafeteria to the med-station, Eve had been sick lately- Gone off her food for four or five days now, but PotPie was her favourite so maybe I could tempt her... 
 
 Then the lights came on at the end of the corridor. Illuminating the doors to the surgery in a frame of black, I felt uneasy- then the next light flickered into life a few feet closer to me. What- a malfunction? The lights were only supposed to react to motion. 
 
 I squinted into the darkness as another light flickered on, my unease shifted to nervousness- maybe fear. I continued to search the dark between me and the slowly advancing light. 
 
 Then blackness. I'd been stood still- staring for a few seconds too long, the and the motion detector deactivated the light above me, I felt my heart skip as I glanced up and heart the wirr of the sensor flickering the light back into action- 
 
 A screech rocked the hallway and suddenly in my peripheral vision I saw a black mass fall from the cieling casting a black silouette against the light of the surgery doors. I snapped my head to it's direction and waited horrific seconds for the light to activate above it. 
 
 Too late- In a burst of speed it tore it's way toward me with powerful legs and that hellish screech. On instinct I screamed and tumbled backward, `` Shut!'' 
 
 The metal door closed from the ceiling with nightmare-like slowness, all the while I could see the lights flickering on down the hall, and the creatures silouette advancing quickly. 
 
 Two legs. 
 
 A head. 
 
 A neck. 
 
 A torso. 
 
 Human? That tail flailing behind it- cutting deep into the thick metal of the compound wall creating a horrible screech of torn metal as it lashed back and forward- was that where the sound had come from- I did n't care. 
 
 `` Lock!'' The door hissed as the lock engaged- a heartbeat later the beast thudded heavily into the metal- that screech of torn metal... Would the door even slow it down?
