He looked left. He looked right. His brother was nowhere to be seen. 
 
 He ate the yellow sponge quickly, savoring it less than inhaling it. Still gross, but at least it had texture. And that was it- the last one of the three he'd found. Reflecting on the texture, he was n't sure if he'd want a fourth- he was well and truly done with these things. 
 
 He put the wrapper in his pocket, carefully folded so the little white dots and yellow spongecake faced inward- he knew that he needed to preserve the remnant contraband as well as possible. 
 
 Leaving the abandoned building, his brother joined him, hands black from his own unsuccessful foraging upstairs. 
 
 The sun was setting, and they determined to walk home. Father would soon return from his route, and they wanted to be there when he arrived- better to help him unload his day's bounty, and avoid his not inconsiderable ire, as well. 
 
 As they reached home, father's cart was not yet chained to the steel gate in the field behind, and they both exhaled slightly and entered the front door. With a push and a laugh, his brother claimed the first shower. The boy did n't mind... Water for showers was the one thing they had in abundance. Water for drinking had to be evaporated to remove the salt, of course- the process too inefficient to make farming viable- but showers were one of the few relative luxuries they had left. 
 
 Checking the drop box on the way to the shower, his brother noted that their pills had not yet arrived. Not a surprise, considering their scavenging efforts of late had left them a little behind on their payments- the chancellory liked to make their point with little delays like this. Besides, they'd been secreting away 1/4 of a pill at each meal for the last week, just in case. 
 
 The boy felt his pocket, verifying the wrapper was still there. A couple of times on the walk home he thought he'd heard it crinkling, but his brother had n't seemed to notice; when he'd pushed him in his dash for the shower, he was sure it had made noise, but his bother was down the hall in a flash, concerned with washing away the day's crust, and now he was alone. 
 
 He walked into his fathers room. He stepped between the dresser and mattress, over to the wooden crate jammed between the bed and the far wall. He looked out the window at the field. Still nothing. 
 
 The crate was locked. His father had the only key. He pulled the wrapper from his pocket, carefully unfolding it, ensuring that not a crumb hit the floor. He pulled up the lid of the crate just enough to carefully slide the wrapper into the void, closed it slowly, and retraced his steps out of the room. 
 
 He heard his brother calling him to take his turn in the shower. The boy did n't respond, instead walking through the main room, out the front door, and down to the ComScreen on the corner. 
 
 The call was surprisingly perfunctory; he'd imagined they'd have more questions, but he guessed they got this kind of call often, and it was n't that big a deal for them in the grand scheme of things. They thanked him for his good citizenship, and the screen went dark, a single horizontal blip of light flashing as the call ended. 
 
 Turning back, he watched his father parking the cart. The load was obviously light. A sigh left the boy's lips as he dug in his pocket for his last flavor tablet. Cherry, his favorite. At least it got rid of that disgusting sponge flavor. 
 
 His father entered the house, slamming the door behind him. No doubt he'd be pissed that their pills had n't been delivered yet, but he knew it was his fault, and that was just that. Another sigh. Hopefully his father would just go straight to the shower so he did n't have to hear about it. 
 
 The boy heard the thump-thump-thump of the airship bearing down on their miserable life, walked in the front door, and waited for the light.
