The probability that a system contains a planet capable of sustaining life is astronomical. The possibility of there being two such planets in the same system is even *more* unlikely. The chances that these two worlds would share the same orbit is impossible. At least, that's what we thought. 
 
 At 3:14a on Friday, July 17, 2015, the Venus orbiter Ceres XI discovered something impossible. In a mirrored Earth-orbit, on the exact opposite side of the sun, traveling at the same relative rate of revolution, was a second Earth. It was the same beautiful shade of sapphire blue, with the same life-breathing atmosphere and the same rejuvenating lunar cycle. It was our home... yet home to something else. Something eerily familiar. 
 
 The first remote probes were sent less than two days later. The entire scientific community had been swept up in the fervor of what was considered at the time to be the greatest discovery in human history. Every brand of scientist -- from chemists to botanists, geologists to meteorologists -- wanted a piece of the action. In total, sixteen probes were sent to collect a slew of data. Each of the probes could broadcast an unprecedented 18TB of raw information and imagery per second back to Earth using state-of-the-art telecommunication tech and a massive string of orbital satellites forming a veritable string between the two worlds. The entire world watched on TVs, monitors and phones as the first live feeds began trickling in during the early hours of July 19th. Nobody was ready for what they saw. 
 
 As the probes began to enter the other Earth's magnetosphere, familiar glints were spotted spinning around the planet. At first, people scoffed at the images, certain they were seeing their own Earth in what many suspected to be a kind of global practical joke. The glints were satellites. And not a *variety* of satellite. They were *our* satellites. Even in appearance -- cylindrical bodies with wing-like solar panels -- they were identical. The reality of the situation only became clear when the probes got close enough to make out the flags on the fuselages. None of them were recognizable. 
 
 The real surprise, though, came when the probes cleared the atmosphere. The world released a collective gasp: 
 
 Jet aircraft trailed through the blue sky, criss-crossing over continents dotted with massive urban centers. As the probes descended further, they saw skyscrapers, colossal stadiums, and endless networks of highways and railways. They broadcast haunting images of human life over 300 million kilometers from our Earth. They saw all the staples of contemporary human society and technology. They saw human beings. *Human beings. * Living, breathing, walking, and driving. Some of them stopped and stared at the probes as they whisked through the air hundreds of meters above. All of humankind was gripped with an immense sense of wonder and trepidation. Everyone was so entranced by what they were witnessing that they had forgotten one key fact: these creatures were human. 
 
 Only twelve minutes into the broadcast, drone feeds started going dark. One by one, each of the sixteen drones disappeared from Earth-bound receptors. Only the last three, turning their cameras skyward, saw the inbound interceptors before they fired their missiles. 
 
 All at once, people were reminded of the grim reality of human nature. Wonder gave way to fear, and fear gave way to hatred. A global campaign began to build an interstellar invasion army. They called it the `` Expeditionary Force.'' By the fourth day, our Earth was ready to fly across the solar system and destroy itself. But we never got the chance. 
 
 On July 23rd at 11:48a, a series of objects cleared our orbiting satellites and pushed their way into our atmosphere. These objects, upon reaching the stratosphere, broke into a series of smaller objects. Across the globe, ground-to-air countermeasures were deployed to intersect the objects, but it was too late. 
 
 The last thing we saw as a species was a blinding, burning light that filled the entire sky. In a worldwide flash, our bright blue sapphire -- the cosmic symbol of human endeavor itself, in all its beautiful imperfection -- was reduced to a smoldering coal. We were no more. 
 
 As the last of us retreated underground, savoring what would be our last few hours of breath, our final thoughts were of our legacy. Would we be missed? Would we even be remembered? But I knew better. I knew this was n't our end. We would live on. For better? 
 
 For worse. 
 
 There was no comfort in knowing we would survive. In knowing that across our own solar system, another brood of humanity survived and thrived. Because I knew the reality of being human. 
 
 Humans are scared, stupid, and self-destructive. They're selfish, impatient, and angry. They seek only to expand themselves; to exhaust their environment for nothing more than a circular existence. They fear what they do n't understand, and destroy what they fear. 
 
 Ironic, then, that we destroyed ourselves.
