The night was fairly bright and quite calm. With the pale glow of the moon dominating the stars, and the dimly lit light poles sparsely populating the walking paved paths, the city had no power over the large park at its heart. The trees absorbed the noise and blocked it's light, while still leaving most of the park open to the sky. My favorite bench was dead center of the field, far from all the others and most importantly, the direction it faced allowed now building to peer over the treetops and disturb the serene isolation. I could see even from a distance there was a person sitting, pondering on the bench. They sat on the left side, closest to the light pole with was only a foot or so off to the side. I could see they had their head hung down, and presumed they were reading. I do n't think he heard me walk up, but as I sat down he was a bit startled and hurriedly hid something it the pocket of his long black coat, a heavy sort suited well for rain. I heard it crumple, a crisp sheet of paper it must have been. He seemed off, I'd never met the man but it felt he was n't in his usual mind. The empty, sunken eyes, furrowed brow, and tight lips neither smiling nor frowning defined a face which had expressed very little in a very long time. A familiar face, you see it in many people, and most often people see it in their mirrors. 
 
 `` So what's the reading material you've got tonight?'' 
 
 `` Just some scribble, nothing good.'' 
 
 `` Ah, must be yours, so you're a writer then.'' 
 
 `` I'd like to think so but sometimes I'm not so sure, what tipped you off?'' 
 
 `` People are only so critical of themselves, if it were somebody else, you would tell me how wonderful the piece was, or what it means, or just how terrible it was, but tell me why that is. You simply said it was rubbish, with no rhyme or reason, that means it's yours.'' 
 
 `` I see. So Sherlock, what bring you to the park tonight?'' 
 
 `` Well whenever I drift through these parts I like to stop here, this bench changed my life.'' 
 
 `` You ca n't just lay that out there and not tell the story.'' 
 
 `` Oh I just wanted to make you ask, more fun that way, as the story it self is n't much of one at all. I was looking at that tree over there, the short fat one, and I saw a bird. Not a noble bird like a cardinal or a bluejay, only a pigeon. Then it flew away. In that action I found no metaphor, no great meaning or purpose, but it gave me an alternate idea to what I'd been thinking at the time, which was a piss poor one I never could have fixed, and by the looks of you you're thinking just the same I was. But that bird, it showed me something else. Leaving is easy. Hell it just flew off, so can I. Sure I could list a reasons all day why not to but they were just excuses. So I dropped it all and flew. I'm still flying, not a bit of fatigue yet, still waiting for the right spot to land. But that's not important, what's important is I rediscovered a reason to fly, it isnt much of a motivational one but it's been working. When I felt I had no reason to live, I mustered up one great act of defiance. Me, so small and insignificant and pointless in the face of everything, I said fuck it. When were growing up, the times when we're most desperately searching for purpose also happen to be the times we're most rebellious. So if we do n't find that reason to go on, so what, live on and love Life. I'd say the only thing worse than living a meaningless life, is dying a meaningless death. One is very final. It does nothing, it truly is pointless. The other however, is infinite. Timeless, never ending, immortal. When you live, you influence. If I convince you to not hang yourself tonight, you'll go on to do something. They do n't have to be remarkable things. Maybe you write a short story some kids like, then those kids become writers. Those writers spread their philosophies and spawn more writers, spread more knowledge, maybe bring about the first benevolent politician, who knows. The point it that you are that tree over there. Yes, the short fat one. But, it has many branches. Branches which reach out wider than any other tree it the park. You, even if you do n't do anything incredible, will still be the cause of an incomprehensible large chain of events through time.'' 
 
 `` Damn.'' 
 
 `` Damn indeed, the moon is beautiful tonight.'' 
 
 `` No not the... oh nevermind'' 
 
 
 Edit: Spelling es no bueno
