It had been a very weird day. You had found yourself getting up early because some prat decided to get himself killed in from of your apartment complex. The sirens had started at about six in the morning and hadn ’ t stopped by midday. Luckily you didn ’ t have to come in today, otherwise you couldn ’ t have stayed in bed. After browsing Reddit for a few hours on your phone you had somehow ended up on one of those crappy ’ 10 things you need to know about losing weight ’ websites. You ’ re too bored to give a toss so you decide to read the article anyway. You try to stab yourself to death with it, but it ’ s too dull. Quickly you forward to the next article, but surprisingly it ’ s equally disappointing. With a sigh of disbelief you decide that it ’ s time to make something of your day. As you get up and walk towards the kitchen you cast a look out of the window. Yep, they were still cleaning up the pavement. 
 With a complete lack of appetite you start your breakfast annex lunch. While the food is sliding down your oesophagus you continue browsing the crappy website. You read a couple of more “ articles ”. One of them offers a mindreading tool. Without giving it a proper thought you download it. It gives an error: “ this format is not supported by your device, please try again later. ” By the time you ’ re finished eating you ’ re so fed up with all the drama going on outside that you tell yourself to get out of the house. Somewhere you feel sorry for the bloke outside, but it doesn ’ t quite compensate for the lack of sleep. Your clothes itch more than usual when you slip them on. It annoys you. You feel like Oscar the Grouch when you step out of the door. Hopefully your friends place isn ’ t a suicide hotspot as well. 
 
 Luckily your friend lives in one of the better parts of town, but that also means that the trip there takes quite a bit of time. You want to check the time on your watch, but are only greeted by the sight of your skin. Hopefully your watch is having a better time than you wherever it ’ s hanging out. As you arrive at your buddy ’ s place you notice that there ’ s a great deal of cars parked nearby and something that looks like a fallen-over patio heater is resting next to the bicycle rack. O wait, someone tipped over the bikes. You ’ re forced to forcibly remove some of the bikes to make your way to the door. Before you knock on the door it is opened by some pissed bloke. He embraces you with more brotherly love than you ’ ve ever experienced and doesn ’ t seem to be letting go anytime soon. Quite awkwardly you stand there and after a couple of seconds decide to hug the bloke back. 
 
 As it turns out, it ’ s some day of national celebration you had forgotten about all together, but it doesn ’ t really matter. Your friend invites you in and asks you where you ’ ve been. You make an excuse of some sort as you realise that your friends invitation was still lying unopened on your desk, along with all other mail from last month. The party is quite nice actually. Most of your other friends are there too and you have quite a good time. You do what friends do at parties: get hammered, take pictures, get some shots, play some daft games, do more shots. Some of your friends fall amidst the battle, but you handle drinks quite well for your size. You also don ’ t feel like being dragged home. 
 
 The party lasts until the following morning, but you leave somewhat early as you don ’ t feel like cleaning up after yourself. The city isn ’ t as quiet as it normally is, for there are plenty more people going around pis drunk. After a while you get bored of watching the completely arseholed tossers bump into each other and take out your phone. Your whatsapp is loading quite a lot messages and images from the party. You decide to look through them to make sure you don ’ t look more unflattering than usual. This is unfortunately the case and you pray that they don ’ t end up on facebook. Also your whatsapp must have updated again, because there ’ s a feature you haven ’ t seen before. There ’ s a tiny button near each of the face in the picture. Upon closer inspection, you make out the word ‘ read. ’ You press it, out of mere curiosity. Nothing. You check the other photos and find more buttons. You set yourself the challenge of hitting every single one of them, but get bored after a while. You go back to watching pissed up people bump into another. 
 
 You were messaging your friend that the party was top when you got to your apartment door. You fumble with the keys as you finish your text. The phone slides into your pocket when you finally manage to open the door. After an appropriately dramatic pause your keys hit the ground. Your apartment is absolutely stuffed with books in black binding. At some point in the not so distant past the appeared to have been neatly organised, but whatever system had been in place, it had all had come crashing down. The only evidence left of this organisation came in the form of the somewhat straightened piles lying everywhere. It ’ s unclear where exactly they had originated from, but it must ’ ve been somewhere near your printer because the pile was largest there. You ’ re too surprised to act upon any of this, but you manage to notice that one of the books nearby has a red note on it. With the utmost care you pick it up. The book is fairly heavy, and in large black letters it reads “ Neville Orson Bedfordshire ”. As far as you can recall, you don ’ t know this poor soul. The note was more interesting. Some idiot had written with red marker on the red note. You squint, but you can ’ t quite make out the words. Something about a manufacturing issue. Then it occurs to you that you might turn on the light. You try to navigate your way back to the door, but you trip and fall on your back. The books break your fall, but it still stings more than you would like it to. The book you were holding fell in strange way, causing it to open. In large black letters it reads “ Could I wrestle a bear? ” You work yourself upright and pull the book toward you. The next line reads “ Yeah, I bet I could wrestle a bear – oh, norks. ” Before you can continue a dim light appears in the corner of vision. It ’ s coming from your window, probably a lamppost. The interesting thing is the book, it illuminates. A red note is attached, this time with black inked used for the lettering: “ Thanks for signing up for Thought Facts! You now will receive interesting daily facts about people ’ s thoughts, OR alternatively use our on-demand service! ” 

