Some days I am alone. Some days patients rush at me like wildfire. Being a doctor in the military is a lonely life and, dare I say it, horror filled. Just thinking of the ordeals and all I deal with every day brings me dread deep in my mind. The screaming. The crying for fathers, mothers, brothers, sisters, cousins, lovers each and every day. Being drafted in itself was terrible. My father, old and wise, took me by the shoulder and whispered wise words to me. My mother gave me a kiss good-bye. I had graduated from medical school, just then. They were proud. My kid brother looking up to me. He was hardly 17, about to finish his last year of high school. I do not remember my family much anymore, despite their protests to not let me go. My brother was more a soldier than I. He was a tall, strong man. The look of horror in their eyes when I start to cut through my good memories when I try to think. I doubt I'd even recognize my family if I seen them. I do not like the look, the fear in their eyes. But I know it is necessary. They would die a slow painful death without it, from disease, gangrene, what have you. It all exists down here in the painful war. Some nights I wake and find the eyes of men in my dreams continue to stare me down, questioning why I could n't save them. Why their lovers would never see them again. Why their family would never see them again. And today was one of the roughest days of my life. They were attempting to rush through again today. Heavy causalities. I was cutting, chopping, prescribing, ordering, I might've well as been a butcher. I was a doctor, but this.. This was n't my call. Finally, I reached the end of the line. There was a man I recognized at the end of my deployment. The cries for his family. His lover. His friends. As I cut through him, I realized then. He shouted for his sibling. I still hear his cries in my sleep. 
 
 `` Jeremiah!'' He shrilled last and weakly as I attempted to amputate the limb. The tag on my chest read, despite its bloodiness from a hundred patients being soaked in, read Jeremiah. I could not stand his horror, and I pulled the sheet over him as I stepped away. The war had gone on too long. Boys were becoming men in its wake. And my brother.. He had gone from a boy to a man. And I, I had.. I had gone from a man to a monster who would never forgot those eyes.
