For the first 300 years, or so, we called it a gift. We labelled immortality as the final step in human evolution, that we are a perfect species. Without resources going into medicinal equipment and experts, focus and money was shifted into industrialism and technology. We had evolved technology beyond what we had dreamed; implants, volunteer cybernetics, quantum computers, data that moves faster than the speed of light, to name a few. With brilliant minds never having to worry about being wasted on death, disease, and inevitable end, they were able to pursue their passions for decades, centuries until they had perfected their creations and ideas, twice-over. 
 
 Religion and government were affected, too. Without the motivation of death towards the public in some of the worse-off countries, dictatorships and violent governments had started dissolving. Countries meshed and formed new republics, ones without the true fear of death that had kept so many silent and terrified. Religion was all about destroyed, with most counting on our deaths as a motivating factor behind morality, our idealism, and who we fear/love the most. 
 
 Of course, people, as is our nature, attempted violence, and experiments to see how far we could push our new bodies. Pain was still a real thing, but it was not nearly as scary and problematic as it used to be. Most attempts and experiments were all but complete in the first 50 years, and while there were still issues with more of the violent of our species, concern was low. Crimes that did not even directly affect a person's being were surprisingly rare. People with no fear have no problem defending their valuables, assets, and other people. Anyone who caused a serious and chronic problem, would be confined to sealed cells with no release, no food, or interaction as a final punishment. 
 
 The animal kingdom changed, as well. The demand for certain things all but disappeared, mainly exotic foods, and we were able to drive back a mass extinction with the combined efforts of many republics, focusing on genetic and organic alterations and creation. Species were being born in labs, then large warehouses and being re-released back into their natural habitat. We learned how to make animal pelts without killing the actual animal, growing the dermis in factories, and other novelties like ivory were specially manufactured instead of tearing them from dying species. 
 
 We were at our apex. We were peaceful, we had grown and achieved more than ever thought possible. Philosophy, art, science, and morality grew ten-fold. We worked together to create a positive world, because there was really no point in trying to kill each other anymore. The stars looked brighter, the world greener, and faces mostly carried contented looks and smiles. 
 
 Then it all slowed down. Then it all but stopped. We began to realize that our gift was actually a curse. Once we had achieved what we wanted to achieve, what more was there? What could we do without new minds coming into their own and creating that which we had never conceived before. We never got to travel the stars, we never left the planet, and we did n't finish learning every mystery out there. When we began slowing down, we had no motivation to achieve, because we had no motivation to leave a legacy. The stronger minded individuals were able to keep some form of order for a little while, assuring the people who started to suffer from Immortality Sickness ( IS ) that this was just a phase, that we would bounce back like humans always do. Like an infection, however, IS spread through humans, slowly driving them mad, most reverted to a primal, instinctual way of being, language dissolving, technology becoming moot, and smaller groups forming, then finally they would just stop. Like corpses, they would stare unblinking, no movement in their bodies, completely unresponsive, and non-reactive to any stimuli. They were lost forever, staring and dead to everything around them. Some stopped while standing, some lying down, some while sitting, and they stayed like that for as long as we were able to observe it. They entered this final phase wherever they were when their brain decided to stop. We called this the final phase, or the Corpse Phase. The few of us left that kept our consciousness tried to reverse IS, but to no avail. Rapidly we fell, and within 20 years of the first recorded inception of IS, we had less than 10 % of the population functioning around the world. Unfortunately for the last 10 %, we felt like the unlucky bit of the population. We were able to survive, intact for almost another century, walking the streets and places where the corpses were propped. We tried to move them out of sight and mind, but it was to no avail. 
 
 We have suffered a fate worse than death, all because we feared death too much. There is nothing left for the remaining humans to do but sit and wait, and hope that our eventual decline will be painless, and that we are not aware of our state for the rest of eternity. Unfortunately, from the tests we conducted on the first brains that fell into the Corpse Phase, there were still function brain patterns. Semi-Conscious brain patterns. They were stick, un-moving, but aware for the rest of eternity. 
 
 It's funny how death is the greatest gift we could ever have.
