It's been three years since I've first arrived in this freak show of a world. I still do n't know how I arrived on this alternate world; I went to sleep one day, as usual, and poof everything was the different except it was n't. Erm, forgive me let me explain. I was the typical Joe, if you will. I had a loving wife who to be honest was n't the most stunning, knock your pants off woman in the world but she was loyal and I loved her. I had two sons, one 8 the other 12. I lived in a middle class suburbs of the metropolitan area of LA. Just living an ordinary, mundane life. Nothing special or unusual about me, just a regular Joe. One night I went to bed as usual but little did I know everything would change. 
 
 When I awoke, the whole world was different yet the same. My surroundings all looked the same, aesthetically my wife, kids, tv, car, neighbor, yard, etc ( you get the gist ) all looked normal. However, their behavior was not normal. I went downstairs and there was nothing out of the ordinary. My wife was in the living room watching the morning news. She stood up and greeted me with a smile and kiss. I smiled and kissed her back and sat down to watch the news. On the news, the correspondent was talking about how a good samaritan was imprisoned for assisting an elderly person cross a busy road. I was speechless and said `` Can you believe those idiotic bastards? Why the hell would they incarcerate an innocent man who was simply helping someone cross the road?!'' My wife cocked her head to the side and looked at me perplexed. She replied, `` But honey, you know altruistic behavior is punishable and not tolerated by the government.'' I was speechless at her words. I replied panicky, `` You're joking right? Honey, please tell me you're joking. Please tell me you're being facetious.'' She opened her eyes real wide and shrilled, `` Babe, you know I do n't kid around. Humor is not one of my fortes.'' I broke into a cold sweat, closed my eyes, and tried to calm myself by internally repeating a mantra: `` You're in a bad dream. This ca n't be real.'' I did this for around 30 seconds; but when I reopened my eyes, everything was the same. 
 
 I grabbed the remote and switched the channel to CNN. The anchorman was discussing a story where a scandal about an eccentric billionaire unfolded. He ostensibly had been surreptitiously donating large portions of his wealth to impoverished people in third world countries for several years. The anchorman stated that the public was enraged at his behavior and wanted him to be imprisoned immediately. 
 
 I switched channels to PBS and Sesame Street was on. Big Bird was with a little kid and was teaching the kid how to properly `` roofie'' a girl to fornicate her. I turned off the tv utterly disgusted and started dry heaving. `` This ca n't be happening. This just fucking ca n't.'' I muttered to myself. My wife looked at me as if I committed a faux pas. She soon put her hand on my back and said, `` Hey did you not sleep well last night? I'll get you some tums and can schedule an appointment with a doctor for you if you want. Will that make you stop being a little bitch?'' At the word, `` bitch,'' I suddenly turned to her and she giggled at me as if she made a funny, anodyne remark. I shook my head in disbelief and said, `` No thanks. I do n't know why I've been acting weird; I'll stop. I promise.'' She smiled and said, `` Good. Now you better get dressed; otherwise, you'll be late for work. 
 
 I soon dressed and left to go to work. At work, it was pretty much the same as it was at home. My male and female coworkers made sadistic, homophobic, xenophobic, and misogynistic/misandrist remarks respectively. In my free time, I searched the internet for a possible explanations of this behavior but did n't find much. Websites such as Reddit and 4Chan contained many kind-hearted people whom the everyday people of this world considered conspiring, traitorous scum. I befriended many of them and tried to get an explanation for why mostly everyone in this world were callous assholes. They all said the same thing: that's the way things have always. 
 
 It's been three years. Things have been the same everyday for the past three years. The only way I've coped with this is by communicating with my internet friends every day after work in the solitude of my house. I owe them greatly, if it was n't for them I probably would have offed myself years ago. I do n't know if things will ever change, but this is the world I live in now. In the words of my `` new'' wife, I have to suck it up and `` stop being a little bitch.''
