So it ’ s come to this. The end of an era. The final glorious hours before the fall of an administration that wanted only to bring prosperity to a land of misers and civil war. I was to be their leader, their knight in shining armor to lead them into the light and out of the darkness they themselves had crawled into. For many years, more than I can count, I ’ ve led these people, sometimes with whispers of wealth, other times with an iron fist. I could hardly be blamed for the use of force, could I? 
 
 I remember all those years ago, just after I took leadership, when a small uprising decided to attack a small village just within the boundaries of my protection, and the small detachment that was sent to dispatch the rebels, but instead opened fire on the few survivors. There was a short period of tension afterwards, but I brought in some of the finest public relations managers to help remind the people of the promises I had originally made. I even reprimanded the soldiers, but not too harshly, I didn ’ t want morale to drop even lower among my skeleton crew of an army. 
 
 And who could forget the brutal assassination of my closest friend and chief advisor? We had fought valiantly side-by-side to unite the people, and it was only with his guidance that I was able to make it through some dark times, in both my personal and professional lives. There were rumors swirling that the knife was meant for me, that the insurgency I had attempted to squash years prior had grown, slowly but steadily, and that it had insidiously made its way into my own back yard. 
 
 After his death, I had no choice; I had to hire a chief of security. Within a week of the grand funeral and the day of mourning, the capital city and all outlying strategic points had been locked down. I never believed in these things, security checkpoints, random search and seizure, and the appalling mass murders carried out by my generals. It was for my security, insisted the chief of security, it also keeps the capital strong and its people safe. I agreed and assured the people through my weekly televised conversations that I would be here to keep them safe for a very, very long time, or that I would die defending the capital and all the ideals that it stood for. 
 
 That was a month ago. Now, here, in my luxuriously appointed apartment, I hear the rumblings of uprising outside. The muffled sound of unbridled human fury slowly rising, the gunshots from both sides. My last general informed me that our numbers were dwindling, that it was only a matter of time before the rebels took the capital as their own. I refused to be whisked away in my helicopter to some mountainside cave. I didn ’ t work my way up the ladder to abandon my city and her people, and to break all of the promises that I made to them. 
 
 I sat at my desk, a glass of my finest reserve whiskey, a delicious Cuban cigar, and, of course, my gold-plated Desert Eagle. A loud bang reverberated through the building, followed by shouts and gunfire. My private guard would hold the rebel scum back for a short while, but it was only a matter of time. I dashed the cigar, and gulped the last of my whiskey before picking up the weapon. I turned it over in my hands as I did on the day I received it. A thing of hideous beauty. Could those be…but no, they couldn ’ t be tears dropping onto my desk. El Presidente was a strong man, a man who would go to his grave knowing that his people were taken care of, and that the capital was left to good hands. 
 
 But this wasn ’ t true. El Presidente was a coward, they would say. A coward who sat in his office with the blast-proof doors locked while his peasant army defended him with its dying breath. History is always written by the victors. The commotion was closing in, fast. Time seemed to slow down as I opened my mouth, and placed the gun inside. The sound of a thousand hands pounding on my door. The click of the hammer readying itself. Goodbye, sweet Imperia, I ’ m sorry I couldn ’ t give you everything I promised all those years ago. Please know that I did my best, but my achy bones can fight no more. My final gift to you is the freedom that you now fight for. Goodbye. 

