When Eve woke up that day, she knew. She was finally going to be forced from this Earth. The illnesses had been laying siege to her heart for some time now, and the walls were ready to give in. But not now. Not yet. Eve still had to attend to unfinished business in this world. Her son. 
 
 `` Joshua,'' Eve called softly. `` Joshua, do n't worry. I'm coming. I'm here for you,'' the old woman shuffled down the halls to the end of the house. *My sweet gift. My beloved. * Eve had prepared herself for this moment, but it did n't help her queasy stomach. *You asked for this. * She'd remind herself. *Joshua is ageless because of you. You could n't let him go. You could n't stop being a mother. * The thoughts had been haunting her these past few years. *You were n't thinking long-term. You acted on emotion. * 
 
 `` When have I not?'' Eve whispered to herself. Today would be no different than the day she had made the Deal, so many decades ago. She was beginning to forget the man's face. It might even have been a woman. Maybe neither. Or both. Eve thought that it really did n't matter at this point. 
 
 All of her adult life, she had been told that she was infertile. Sterile. *Barren*. Eve was to forever be alone. Joshua had been her little miracle, until he grew sick. Eve could n't go back to the hospital. The doctors did n't realize what Joshua meant to her. But the Dealer did. The figure who came to Eve in the night and offered Joshua the immunity from disease, and protection from aging. Eve was thrilled. Joshua would be her little miracle, forever. 
 
 Eve reached Joshua's room. She entered slowly, each step harder than the last. It became easier when she gazed down into his crib, his big blue eyes staring back at her. The baby smiled when he saw his mother. 
 
 `` Joshua,'' Eve smiled, `` you have given my life meaning. I will always cherish that. But Mommy is going away, now. She wo n't be able to take care of you anymore. You'll be my little miracle forever... but nobody will treat you as I have. Nobody will understand your gift. The happiness you bring. I wo n't let you be alone in this world, Joshua.'' 
 
 Eve looked into Joshua's eyes one last time before holding the pillow over her baby's face. 

