Cursing under his breath, the man sprinted down the street after his reflection. How could he have been so careless? He had never let any escape, none after the first. He had killed out of fear then, the first time; the man could still remember the sick feeling afterwards, weeping beside his own corpse, bile rising bitter in his mouth. As time went on he had became addicted to that sickness, the thrill of ending life. The man had summoned this one a few hours ago, after a particularly bitter spat with his fiancé; he had been particularly cruel in his tortures, relishing the opportunity to outlet his rage on the helpless reflection. Yet he had tied the knots restraining his doppelganger poorly, and now the reflection was running down the empty street twenty meters in front of him. 
 
 Despite this series of setbacks, the man was not overly worried. His reflection was weak from the torture and had a noticeable limp; it would tire before long. His fingers tightened around the bloody hammer he gripped in his right hand. Suddenly the reflection turned and ran into a large department store, prying apart the automatic doors before they had time to open themselves. The man followed his reflection and stood inside the entrance, relieved: there was almost no one in the store this time of night, save a couple of workers stocking shelves or gossiping by the registers. He would be able to finish the job here in private, the body would disappear after a few minutes just like the rest, and then he could return to life as usual. 
 
 The reflection sprinted down isle after isle, madly fleeing its pursuer. It entered a small hallway and ran into a small room, slamming the door shut behind it. His skin tingling with anticipation, the man prepared to kick the door down and go in for the kill. He stopped short, however, when he saw the sign nailed to the door: “ Changing Room ”. A current of fear arced down his spine, his conscious mind struggling to come to the conclusion that his gut had reached instantly. Could a reflection summon a reflection? 
 
 The door burst open and they came at him at once, four of them, four of him. Two of them tackled him to the ground and pinned down his arms, one restrained his legs. The fourth stood over him, raining down vicious kicks on his face, his throat, his groin. For what seemed like an eternity they beat him; eventually he managed to open his mouth, spitting out a couple of teeth before speaking: “ Please! Let me live. Let me live. I ’ m not worth the effort, I… I ’ ll give you everything. You can take it all: The money, the job, the car, the woman. I never liked any of them anyway. Just let me… just let me live. ” 
 
 The fourth reflection, the one which he had summoned himself, looked down on him then with its broken face—the face he had broken and bloodied just hours before—and laughed. “ You ’ ll live. What kind of a man would murder his own reflection? But I can ’ t leave you like this. ” A cruel smile appeared on the reflection ’ s lips as it grabbed the man ’ s hammer from the floor. The reflection walked to the changing room mirror and smashed its surface with the hammer until it was nothing but a thousand shards of silvered glass. Picking up a particularly long and sharp-looking shard, the reflection walked over to the man and moved the shard slowly towards his face… 
 
 An hour later a frantic store worker ran up to her manager, trying to catch her breath before speaking. “ A man… in the changing room… blood everywhere… ” The manager ran with her to the room, where the man was sitting. Blood ran down his cheeks from empty sockets, and bits of blood and eyeball covered his face. He was babbling incoherently about mirrors and reflections. The manager averted his gaze quickly and stepped back, trying to keep from vomiting. “ Call an ambulance, ” he told the terrified girl standing beside him. Then he glanced back. “ Make sure they put him in the psychiatric ward. I ’ ve never heard of a guy gauging out his eyes like this before. Must ’ ve been afraid of his own reflection. ” 

