Mrs. Dunbar shuffled her feet into position, patted down her skirt and looked up across the room towards her opponent. There had been weeks of preparation leading up to the final presidential debate before the election, and the long hours she put in had surely left nothing for Frank Underwood to do or say that would throw her off her game. She was wrong. 
 
 “ Mr. Underwood, the first question is for you, ” started the moderator, “ how can you respond to the criticisms about your lack of accountability in the past few months? ” 
 
 “ Mr. Moderator, thank you for your question, 
 I am here tonight to give the country a good lesson, 
 Sure, some of my decisions may not have been agreed with, 
 But handing over leadership to Mrs. Dunbar would be egregious! ” 
 
 Absolute silence fell over the room, and across the country, as countless audience members shared looks of shock and disbelief. Although Mrs. Dunbar was frozen in the position she had taken moments before, her mind was racing as it had countless times when she had faced unexpected situations in the courtroom. Sure, Underwood may have struck hard with such a surprising blow, but this debate was far from over. She looked up towards the camera and bellowed: 
 
 “ Mr. Underwood, I truly thank you for starting, 
 Let me give you the option right now to be departing, 
 Because if you don ’ t, and you decide not to get off, 
 I ’ m going to tear you to pieces, then take your wife, like I was Petrov ” 
 
 The audience continued to stare on in shock, unsure as to how they should be reacting. The moderator shuffled his papers in order to regain control of the situation, but before he could utter another word Mr. Underwood was ready with his response: 
 
 “ Mrs. Dunbar, I applaud your bravery, 
 But my flow and use of words is like lyrical slavery, 
 Whatever anyone says I ’ ve been successful with AmWorks, 
 Wait, what about you? Aren ’ t you just some law clerk? ” 
 
 The crowd jumped to its feet, roaring in support of the exaggerated last two words by Underwood. He pumped his hands in the air and looked over at Dunbar with a smirk that she just couldn ’ t stomach. As the crowd quieted down, she responded: 
 
 “ Please quiet down so I can respond to Mr. Underwood, 
 But if this is supposed to be fair, then maybe a less intelligent person should? 
 Misappropriates funds while endangering lives, 
 Let ’ s all flip his ass off while you gim me high fives! ” 
 
 With that, Dunbar immediately raised her middle finger while making her way around the roaring crowd. Hands came flying out to meet hers as she circled around the stage. After she had completed a full round, she made her way back to her podium and glared back up at Underwood. 
 
 There was a smirk on his face. The battle had only begun. 

