`` Wh..what?'' I stuttered over the phone line. My brain felt as though it had shut down, probably in shock, to the words I'd just heard. 
 
 `` I'm sorry Ma'am but I'm afraid we just can not purchase your item.'' The tinny voice of the sales-woman repeated to me in a bored tone. It was as if she repeated this line on a regular basis, which frankly seemed quite stupid. I know I'm not the only one who has wanted to sell their soul. They're in hot demand! Who does n't want to buy fresh souls, all the more powerful when willingly given! 
 
 `` I..uh..can I... I need to speak to your manager.'' The shock was slowly wearing off, and my irritation started to show through. `` Please.'' I tacked onto the end. 
 
 A sigh came from the other end of the phone line. A sigh! Can you believe the nerve of this woman!? What does a person have to do these days to speak to the devil! 
 
 Ever since Lucy and co. ( Your one stop shop for all satanic, demonic, and wiccan needs! ) opened, the need for satanic rituals and virgin sacrifices has been non-existent. Yet here I was, being fobbed by a prissy nosed receptionist. 
 
 `` I'll see what I can do, please hold.'' I frowned at the click from the earpiece and waited for the hold music. I was quietly relieved when the semi-rythmic wailing crackled through, as I was sure she was going to hang up on me. 
 
 My mind was racing along all the reasons why my soul would be unworthy of purchase. Maybe I'm just too broken? I mean, I'd had my fair share of soul-crushing experiences ( and everyone knows how that chips away at the re-sale value ) but less than Daniel, and he sold his just last week! 
 Could it be the church visits my mother forced me into every holidays? I hated those things with a passion but I did n't think it would affect my opportunities like this. Thrice-damned mother of mine. 
 
 Maybe it was my reason for sale. I had n't heard of that making much difference before, the reviews I found seemed to vary greatly in reasoning with no issues with the company. But could I be the first? I wanted a bit of success, thats all. Luck, more than success really. I've heard it's more worthwhile to go for luck, less loopholes to bite your arse. And is wanting luck, especially with the ladies, such a bad thing? 
 
 These days the women are so picky. Especially if you've had any sort of... heterosexual....interests. So I slept with one guy once, so what!? I'm still a perfectly caring and capable partner despite that little social blemish. Women! 
 
 `` Thank you for holding, Lucy will speak to you now.'' I'd jumped at the sudden interruption of her calm tone in the midst of my mental rant, and almost dropped the phone. I fumbled for a moment and got it pressed back to my ear. 
 
 `` Erin! Hi! How are you? Thanks for calling dear, I hear you're having some problems with our sales team. How can I help?'' I could hear the grin in Lucy's voice as She spoke. All charm and self-confidence. 
 
 `` I've been informed, that you wo n't buy my soul. What the heavens is wrong with it! It's perfectly useable I'm sure!'' I had barely held back from actually yelling, I did n't think it would be a good idea to rant and rave too much at the CEO of the damned. 
 
 `` Uh, well, Erin. I'm very sorry about this but there's just absolutely no way I can fix this one for you. You see-....'' 
 
 `` No way? No way!? You bought Jeremy's soul for a lifetime of Tim-Tams! And he was a devout disciple of God his whole life, and slept with WOMEN! And you wo n't take mine?'' 
 
 There was a pause, almost audible and very heavy. As I started to worry I'd gone too far and angered Her she started to speak softly. 
 
 `` The..uh... the stars.'' 
 
 `` What?'' I exclaimed again. `` I ca n't hear you.'' 
 
 `` The stars. They're uh... not in alignment.'' She spoke with more gusto this time. Almost as if she was agreeing with herself. `` Nope. Ca n't do it, not this cycle. They are n't in alignment.'' 
 
 
 I had no answer to this... this... ludicrous excuse. The stars? This is n't the Inca fucking Empire! The stars are n't even used! What am I, baby flipping Jesus now? Selling my soul to the three wise men? Oh please give me more stupidity. 
 
 `` You're lying. Stop lying and buy my soul!'' 
 
 Another pause, and an extremely weary sigh. 
 `` Look, Erin. I really hate to tell you the truth but I see no other way around it. You do n't have any sort of soul for me to buy. Otherwise you'd be happily lucky already. There, now thankyou and goodbye.'' 
 
 `` Wait wait wait! No soul? But how? I'm sure I have one! Everyone does!'' This was beyond belief. No soul? No way. 
 
 `` Not everyone. I'm afraid the only way for you to sell your soul, is if you steal one first. I can connect you to the appropriate department if you'd like though.'' 
 
 I stood in uncomprehending silence for what felt like an eternity. No soul. I had no soul. What was I meant to think about that? We're taught at a young age that everyone has a soul, otherwise you're dead. Thats just how it works, and now I'm finding out that thats wrong? Make way for an existential crisis! Thanks Lucy! 
 
 
 `` I do n't understand. Please help me understand.'' I almost sobbed into the phone. `` I do n't know how I lost it. I thought I kept such good care of it too.'' 
 
 
 `` You did n't lose it dear. You never had one.'' She took a breath. `` Darling, you're a ginger.'' 
 
 
 -click, beep beep beep- 
 
 
 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 
 
 
 C & C welcome! 

