Was this posted twice on accident? I posted in the other one but might as well consolidate: 
 
 `` Son, your mother and I had a talk and we've decided that you need to move out. You're 45, have no job, and having been living in our basement for the last 20 years. Its time to grow up.'' 
 `` Dad, where do you expect me to go? Like you said I do n't have a job or a place to live.'' 
 `` Well, I know that, but we're giving you 30 days to find something to support yourself, its time to grow up.'' 
 `` You do realize that the employment rate for each new generation has hovered around 20 % for the last few decades, right? Literally 80 % of the people do n't have jobs. There are n't enough to go around. Automation has reduced the number of jobs out there and with people now living to almost 150 people are n't giving up the jobs they had.'' 
 `` Son, you're exaggerating. I gave up my job decades ago, the economy is healthy and nobody lives forever.'' 
 `` You gave up your job because you made millions by 90 and now just live off your interest. You've been living off your investments for almost half a century just like all your friends. Do you not realize that most people do n't have that kind of money and actually have to work for a living? There's plenty of 130 year olds that ca n't afford to take a day off. The economy is not healthy, its shit. The income disparity between the wealthy and the poor is huge and becoming greater every day, there simply is n't enough to go around now that everyone lives forever and hoards all their wealth and do n't contribute to society anymore. You live off in this walled off castle with your wealth friends and do n't see the massive slums growing everywhere filled with people who have nothing and will never have anything because there literally is n't enough to go around. You're delusional. You think you deserve what you have and all you did to get it was be born at the right time to be able to get a job and save some money. If you make me leave here I'll just be another one of them, living in squalor and filth.'' 
 `` Oh stop being dramatic. I do too contribute to society, I spend my money all the time. Who else would support those car dealerships and all the jobs they provide if I did n't buy them? That art gallery down the street would go out of business too! I've supported you as well, stopping you from becoming a drain on society like all the lazy fools out there.'' 
 `` Dad, our society is on the brink of collapse and you're too blind to see it. People are desperate, the capitalistic system does n't work when there is n't enough to do nor enough resources to feed and clothe everyone. When the people have nothing to lose, they wo n't care about putting their lives on the life for a chance at a better future. Maybe not today, but soon, you'll see those lazy fools climbing over your gates coming for you and you're too blind to see it.'' 
 `` Let them come, we're prepared. We have the guns and the robots, what do they have? Dirt? Filth? Desperation? We do n't need them to keep civilization running, we have robots to do that. 30 days son, you have 30 days to get on your feet and make something of yourself. If you ca n't cut it in this world then thats all on you, and I wo n't support a lazy fool even if they're blood.''
