This shop is mine. It was my father's, his father's, and a two tongued witch's beforehand but I do n't want to remember the story I was told. I sell what I can and I buy what I can. I basically just try to keep enough to trade evenly with people so one transaction does n't empty me of gold or goods. I have a small shop, not larger than 15 square cubits. I live in the loft. My walls are adorned with weapons, armor, banners from far and wide, and clothing. I have two shelves for various books that find their way here and a chest of less delicate items such as goblets, buckets, and toys. I have a chest under the counter with items of magic, as all are not accustomed to magic. I polish a horn found and sold by a bard, scrubbing the tarnish off the bell as the slightly bent brass begins to gleam. When I am done I hang it above the back wall, as it is the only place available. Bandits in the land recently have frightened travelers mostly. Some are found dead missing limbs, with minimal blood nearby. No sign of bandits have been sighted though.'T is strange. My thoughts are halted as the door opens. In the doorway, the night sky is partially blocked by a hooded woman of 2 meters in stature, with a naturally apealing body that should not be seen in the tavern at drinking hours. I do not lose my composure for a minute. In a small town trading post, you learn to not dislike passerbyers just as much as you learn to not like attractive visitors. As she steps in she lets down her hood and shows her shoulder length raven hair, sensually tucking a strand behind her ear then gazing at me. `` Good evening, shop keep.'' She calls, smiling. I politely reply,'''T is more night than an eve, dear traveler.'' I note, seeing her dagger and rucksack. She softly laughs and slowly walks to the counter, resting her arms on the surface and sticking her head forward playfully. `` Do you have items of a -ahem- supernatural quality?'' She asks me, trying to sound hesitant. `` Aye lassie I do have what you mean.'' I reply, bending down to grab the chest. A basket I foolishly placed on my side causes me to turn my back as I come up with the chest. I am eye level with the coiled horn when I notice a small hole of rust, no more than a hair thick. I frown at the imperfection, but notice my reflection in the newly polished bell. The flares come shape of it distorts the image but I can clearly see the woman is nowhere in the shop. `` Shop keep? Are you troubled?'' She asks, bringing me out of my thoughts. I do not let on, and I act as is nothing has happened. `` Be a fine gathering of items!'' She exclaims, rummaging through the box. She pulls out a amulet. I recognize it instantly. `` Sun protection. A crop gatherer must be weak skinned eh?'' I ask, a chill going down my spine. I realize suddenly. Corpses on the road. Limbs missing, no blood. Vampires. They were chopping off limbs and biting the mangles stumps so not to be caught. They surely would not waste a drop of blood, for they are greedy hell spawns. `` You could say that'' she muses as she lays 40 gold pieces on the counter. I take the gold and she parts ways soon after. Just moments after she leaves I silently take my strongest cross bow off the wall and load it. I open all windows and slash my arm with a knife. I yell in as much agony as I can as I knock armor over and cause a ruckus. `` Damn it to Hell and back, I'm bleeding someone help I'm going to die oh Agnar!'' I yell, crossbow aimed straight at the doorway. The door slams open with a force of wind and the woman stands there in a carnal hunger, her eyes now glowing red and her teeth long. She tilts her head in confusion as I let loose a bolt into her heart. If it still beated before it certainly did not now. I set the bow down, and proceeded to summon the local shaman to dispose of the body. I patched my arm up and turn back to the horn. `` This is a issue''.
