A Zealot was the first to die, an arrow the size of a small spear impaling him clean through his chest. 
 
 He fell to the forest floor, his boots kicking in the mud and moss. More arrows flew out from the trees, striking down another dozen of the faithful. Priests and other officers shouted orders to their units, shouting prayers of protection over their flocks. A block of Temple Flameguard with their heavy shields and flame spears placed themselves between the rest of the column and the incoming fire, forming a shieldwall against the raining arrows. It had the proper effect; despite the power of the arrows they found no easy purchase in the wall of steel, though here and there a spearman was rocked back by the brunt of an arrow's impact. 
 
 Corvinus, the Creator's Blade was already moving to aid the beleaguered vanguard, pushing forwards with his warjacks and a handpicked phalanx of Knights Exemplar. His Vigilant led the way, its towering fist-mounted shields forming a moving bulwark. His Vanquisher and Repenter followed behind, the flails held in their right fists swinging with each ponderous, earthshaking step. 
 
 Corvinus sensed movement in the trees, and directed his Vanquisher mentally towards it. The heavy warjack turned and fired its Flame Belcher cannon at the motion. He was rewarded with the sound of primal screams and the unmistakable noise of metal ripping through flesh. Loaded with Menoth's Fury, a liquid distilled from the crude oils found beneath the earth, the Flame Belcher's shell ignited everything it touched. A pair of monsters clutching bows taller than a man stumbled from the trees, writhing and flailing as they were consumed alive by the fires. 
 
 `` Tharn!'' Corvinus cried. `` Worshipers of the Wurm!'' 
 
 As if summoning Menoth's most hated foe, a score of the bestial savages charged out of the trees, clutching axes as tall as a man or else those lethal bows with their jagged blades fixed to the limbs. Their howls and roars would have terrified lesser men, but the Sul-Menites knew that was no fear unassailable with faith in Menoth. Knights Exemplar counter-charged the Tharn, the forest path devolving into the blur of steel and bodies. One unfortunate knight had his body nearly split in half by an ax, only for the victorious Tharn Ravager to die under the slashing blades of the slain Exemplar's comrades. 
 
 Corvinus' Repenter opened up with its flamethrower, a billowing cloud of Menoth's Fury consuming four of the beasts. Their screams were almost loud enough to be heard over the roar of the flames. Another Tharn tried to charge the light warjack, and was rewarded with the Repenter's flail caving in its chest. Bones splintered under the blow and the Tharn was knocked back gurgling frothy blood and flecks of white. 
 
 The Sul-Menite warcaster threw himself into the thick of the fray, dodging past blade and axe whilst carving him own bloody path. His glaive, *Ira*, had been blessed by Visgoth Ark Razek himself. Every fold of its blade had been done with prayers to the Lawgiver, imbuing it with a deadliness unmatched by lesser weapons. The notoriously tough Tharn found their thickened hides pierced by his glaive, their blood unable to clot as it poured out of their wounds. 
 
 His Vanquisher was making a path of its own, its massive flail swinging through the ranks of Wurm-worshipers. Smoke billowed from its stacks, the cloud hazing the battlefield as it strode forwards. A crippled Tharn, its spine snapped in half, tried to crawl out of the warjack's path. It was crushed beneath nearly ten tons of steel and bronze, ground deep into the mud. 
 
 Together, he and his three'jacks advanced as one, forming a wedge of steely death for the rest of the Sul-Menites to advance behind. Zealots lobed burning hand grenades over the warjacks, the bombs detonating within the Tharn's ranks. Corvinus' Vigilant endured the blasts, bits of shrapnel bouncing off its tall shields. The four weaved together, blocking and striking in sync with one another. The Vigilant would block a deadly slash of a Tharn's axe, allowing Corvinus to slice through the beast's throat with a flick of his glaive *Ira*. The Vanquisher would swipe with its flail, and the Repenter would finish off the rest. 
 
 Any thought of an easy victory was crushed by the sound of more howls.... hundreds. Mixed in with them were deeper, more primal baying. A flood of alien emotions rushed past Corvinus' mind, each slavering and shuddering the same terrible thought. *Hunger. Thirst. Blood. * 
 
 The rest of the enemy had arrived.
