`` Merchant service be damned. Talk not that lingo to me. Dost see that leg? - I'll take that leg away from thy stern, if ever thou talkest of the merchant service to me again. Merchant service indeed! What good thine merchant service to me - what wouldst thou do with it, sell me a pen? ” 
 
 I saw that Peleg had certain prejudicial presumptions, to pooh-pooh the merchant service so. Whenever I meet a man so piously predisposed, whose personal assumptions thunder forth with the force of an angry Jehovah; who, in the course of an interview, implies iniquitous insults, so do I adopt a similar amount of piety, and, as Yeshua, turn the other cheek. For, what of it - if an uneducated position does serve to preposit a man against me; does it render me a pauper for him to think me so? - nay, rather, the parsimony is his, for in judging me impoverished, in whatsoever manner, he has guttered and deprived himself of my delightful person, and shunted and shunned and shuttered me, and so will never know me as a treasure. 
 
 Which is not to say that I am more desirable a friend than any other fellow, but neither am I less distinguished; therefore, friendship being a rare commodity, that must be wandering fished from a wide and wondrous sea - of equal men - it is always better to have a larger catch to sort; it follows that one should adopt a welcoming net that holds multitudes, rather than one that can but handle meager schools. How much happier is the debutante who can choose from a wealth of suitors, than her poor, less desirable cousin, who must accept her sole proposer? 
 
 Now, considering the appropriate way in which to prostrate myself before him - I saw that the correct course would be, indeed, to sell him a pen. I produced one from my pocket, for I never go anywhere without a couple or a dozen. 
 
 “ Yes, thou needst a pen. ” How mighty, this Peleg Quaker, who had quaked thees and thous into my speech! It is a terrible thing to be in debt - previously, I mentioned my aversion to payments, and my corresponding rag of a purse. More compounded terror, still, to accrue interest on your owings. I swore to make a reciprocal impression, and so clear the ledger. 
 
 “ What! ” 
 
 “ Dost thou seest this pen? Think you it but a simple pen? Look you here. Perceive it. I say, how joyful was the man who slipped the chains of Plato ’ s cave? Who crawled up from the shadows, and saw true, good ideals? This is the essential pen; do you conceive the concept? All pens before this pen were but penumbra quills. Come, good Peleg, hold it. Behold it - feel completion. ”
