“ You ’ ll never get away with this Dark Flag! ” 
 
 *Oh, how little you know Violet. How little you know. * 
 
 I stepped over White Falcon ’ s unconscious body and approached the controls. 
 
 “ Techie encrypted the computer to a point where even you can ’ t hack through! It ’ ll take you days and by then the rest of the Protectors will be here to stop you!'' 
 
 I plugged in my files and within seconds I was activating the self-destruct protocols on not only the Base of the Protectors but the chips I ’ d implanted on all of their costumes. The displays turned red and the countdown began. Five minutes until annihilation. 
 
 “ Wh-what? ” Violet asked incredulously. “ How? How did you- ” 
 
 I took off my mask, the pitiful Dark Flag facade that had let me operate in secret. Violet gasped. 
 
 “ Techie? NO! It can ’ t be! James, who ’ s controlling you? ” 
 
 *Denial. * 
 
 “ No one. This is all me. ” 
 
 “ But why James?! ” 
 
 “ Because I had to, Violet. We were becoming too powerful. I had to destroy what I had created, a la Victor Frankenstein. ” 
 
 “ But we ’ re no monsters James, we ’ re the good guys! ” 
 
 “ I could quote Alan Moore at you but I fear it would be a waste of time, Violet. You wouldn ’ t understand. You ’ re too pure. Now Corey, on the other hand, he understands, don ’ t you Flamethrower? ” 
 
 If his powers could be activated through his eyes I would be nothing but ash. I knew this and subsequently bound Flamethrower ’ s hands and gagged his mouth with fire retardant wrappings. And partially submerged him underwater. The steam rising from his tank was making the control room of our former base a sauna. 
 
 *Anger. * 
 
 I returned to the controls. 
 
 “ James, no! Please! We can solve this! We always can! ” 
 
 *Bargaining. * 
 
 The tank was filled with thousands upon thousands of volts. Flamethrower, Corey, convulsed for a few moments until I felt like it had been enough. Then a few moments more. His head fell into the water. No bubbles rose from it. Violet screamed and hung her head, silent for the first time since I had defeated her. For the first time since we ’ d worked together all those years ago. 
 
 *Depression. * 
 
 I made my final preparations. On the screen I watched as little orange blobs appears to tell me when the explosives had been set off, killing off the dozen or so Protectors scattered throughout the world.Victory Girl - Carla. Rainbow - Julia. Badgerboy - Grant. They all perished without pain, without warning, without having to watch their loved ones die at the hands of the villains we created. I stepped up to Violet ’ s restraints. She barely raised her head to look at me. 
 
 “ You ’ d better get out of here James. You ’ ve got a new world order to run. Without us you ’ ll be free to- ” 
 
 “ Shut up Violet. You really don ’ t understand do you? ” 
 
 The timer flashed *00:05* 
 
 “ James I… ” 
 
 *00:04* 
 
 “ Shhh, ” I whispered as I pulled her close. 
 
 *00:03* 
 
 “ It ’ ll be okay. ” I caressed her hair. 
 
 *00:02* 
 
 “ I know James. ” 
 
 *00:01* 
 
 *Acceptance*
