'They do n't get it. But I do. If only humans could cogitate the full dimensionality of their existence, they would n't be so hesitant to go. But no, oh wee, I do n't want to die yet. For what? So you can watch more T.V.? Be an asshole a few more times? Consume without creating anything for anyone?' 
 
 I sat there in his office, watching the skeletal hand trace out circles on a spiral notebook. 
 
'Why ca n't we just tell them! Ugh. Why ca n't we just let everyone know what the fuck is going on? Everything would be so much smoother.' 
 
 I offered an idea.'Would n't that cheapen this existence to some extent? If everyone immediately knew what was going on. That you do n't die after you die. That, in an incredibly real way, you were never born.' 
 
'Yeah. I guess. It's just frustrating. I've been working this gig for two thousand years now and I'm fed up! I'm fed up! I thought humans would have progressed WAY farther than they have by now. I mean total egoic decimation, widespread institutional implementation of meditation classes, yoga, introspective guidance, etc. Your species has all these technological accoutrements. Fast Cars. Cutting edge plastic surgery. Social media where narcissism can grow unbounded. Frankly, you all might be fucked. We might have to start over. That's a real possibility.' 
 
'C'mon, do n't count us out yet. Give us at least the 21st century to see what we do. I think this is a pivotal turning point for us, for better or for worst. You of all people should know that predicting the future is a futile activity. You have to let it arise naturally, effortlessly.' 
 
'Yeah, I guess I'm just a pessimist. Fuck it maybe I'm just hungry. I'm going to grab a ho-ho from the vending machine. Be right back.' 
 
 Death stood up out of his crappy wooden chair and cracked his back. 
 
'Ooooweee, this form's getting old.' 
 
 He stepped out of the room. 
 I sat in the cheap plastic chair he'd offered me ( sorry about using gender specific pronouns SJW's, but frankly you GUYS are just overly sensitive pussies ) when I arrived, staring at my palm as a dilapidated fan whirred above me. Existence is pretty damn strange.
