Perpetual darkness. The dark grey clouds overhead were heavy with rain, a storm looming ever near. Yet no rain fell. The skies have been this way for so many years people have lost count. The sun is almost forgotten, a fable told to children. Chaos grew and has thrived in the lights absence. Men have gone mad with power, and unfounded anger flowed through their veins. The world was dying and all was well in the minds of the powerful. 
 
 All of the lands burned and none seemed to care, they just wanted war. Rowan found himself at the front line of an army he did n't follow, a leader he knew not, yet there he stood. Across the empty field the opposing force gathered their strength before the charge. A brown and white blur darted across his view, a man shouting orders on horseback, waving a flag Rowan did n't know. The rider turned toward the challengers and raised his sword, `` Forward! Death! Chaos!'' 
 
 The men around Rowan lurched forward and he followed. His shield was suddenly too heavy to carry and he fumbled with it, but it had been hammered around his hand so it could n't be removed. His sword had been melted into his gauntlet to keep it from being dropped. He continued forward. The rider sprinted ahead yelling words and swinging his mace around his head, it almost sounded like he was laughing. The rider met the solid wall of the enemy and was felled without pause as the two sides continued. 
 
 The two walls met with a loud clap and men began to fight. The man to Rowan's left had his head separated before he could swing. He caught a glimpse of the lifeless eyes as the head rolled towards him. What light came from above was suddenly darkened by a hail of arrows. The shield took them all but he could feel the weapons pierce through to his arm. The pain was horrendous, but the enemy in front pushed on. He blocked a swing and ran through an enemy as an ally leaped over his back and slammed his own shield down onto a head, crushing it. The sound made him want to vomit. He knelt down and heaved as a dark shadow came over him. A laughing man dressed in all black and brown stood over Rowan laughing crazily. His eyes were bloodshot and he had dark rings of sleep under his eyes. He raised his axe and and laughed again. 
 
 A loud blast from a trumpet broke the field. The man fell to his knees screaming, Rowan did as well. He tried to cover his ears but he could n't reach. Men all around shrieked and screamed in pain, their ears all bleeding. The trumpet blasted again, its sound ripped over the men knocking them down flat. Again, again, again it roared above them. Six times it blasted, then silence. 
 
 The clouds shook and rumbled with thunder as it began to rain, the rain was large and heavy but fell slow, as if being held aloft by hands. Rowan's eyes we wet with tears but it looked so beautiful. The rain fell closer until it landed softly on the ground, the rain was not water but bodies, hundreds and hundreds of bodies. The sky lightened for a moment and Rowan crawled to the nearest. It had what used to be white feathered wings sprouting from its back, now blackened by smoke. The face was frozen in a look of shock and dread. Its body was covered in gashes and fresh cuts, but many more scars showed. 
 
 The trumpet blasted once more and all of the bodies turned to ash blowing away in the wind. Rowan looked up to see the clouds growing thick and darker than ever before. The clouds lowered towards them and it was only now that he could see them for what they were. Dark wings and dark bodies bound together tightly by silver rope. The clouds lowered to the ground and hovered for a moment. Men stood and some approached, some cried and some ran, but it mattered not for the rope broke and the beings erupted forward. Rowan tried to raise his shield but he was knocked over by one. It stood on his chest and began pointing towards the sky, speaking a language he did n't know. Then it looked down at him, its eyes were red flames and just the sight made Rowan's armor burst into flame. The being stood still, watching the human melt and roast. The screams were *beautiful*. It walked forward smiling, behind it the light dimmed and faded until there was nothing left but the darkness. 

