A day's worth of procrastinating and dreaming left me regretfully unsatisfied. Why did I continue to do avoid my priorities if I felt so bad about not doing them? Would n't my life be more achieving if I just did what I told myself I was going to do? Easier said then done I suppose. 
 
 A knock came from the other side of my door while I was reciting my typical Thursday night of doing nothing more than playing video games and being lazy. The brief sound made me jump from my seat. I was n't used to getting any visitors at anytime, let alone this time of the night. Convinced my mind was just playing tricks on me I switched my attention back to my TV. Another knock, another sudden turn of my head towards the entrance. This time it was real. I trembled to my feet and cautiously walked towards the door. All sorts of possibilities of what will happen next racing through my head. `` Who's... who's there?'' my eerie voice gave away my vulnerability. 
 
 `` You.'' A familiar voice answered immediately. My body and mind paused. 
 
 `` Who?'' 
 
 `` It's you.'' The voice was calm and confident in contrast to mine. 
 
 `` I'm sorry, I do n't know anybody named You.'' Why did I say that. 
 
 `` My name is Harrison Baldt Jorgerforsson. My mother died when I was five and I was raised by my father and his multiple girlfriends in San Francisco. I like football and basketball and played it until my senior year of highschool. I enjoy reading, bicycling and absolutely love movies.'' How could this be? Was I being confronted by my own impostor? Surely some prank was being pulled on me by some lonely no life college kids. Everything he said was about me was true. 
 
 `` What was the name of my second grade teacher?'' I responded, secretly intrigued by the game the man was playing with me. 
 
 `` Miss. Harden.'' He answered in a heartbeat. 
 
 `` Okay....good research you did there. Who was my first kiss?'' I had him tricked now. The only person in the whole world who knew who my first kiss was is the girl herself. 
 
 `` Emily Dober, sixth grade, behind the bleachers.'' He was right. My jaw dropped as had no idea how to go forth with this situation. We shared a brief moment of silence before curiosity got the best me. In a cautious tone I opened the door only to see my eyes staring right back at me. I was staring a reflection, a perfect resembling duplicate of myself. As if I was staring at a mirror. He was smiling at me like he knew exactly what my face would look like when I saw him. We maintained eye contact with each other for a long and awkward time and shared the silence of the night outside. `` Hello Harry.'' The man said. 
 
 I was convinced what I was seeing was not real. That this surreal and enigmatic moment was not happening. My eyes were questioning all of the logical knowledge that I had accumulated throughout the years. Perhaps my sense of feel would bring me back to reality. With a shaky hand and still sharing eye contact, I patted the mans right shoulder and examined it. The man who claims was me was as real as the sun in the sky, or birds singing in a park. `` I've come to take over Harry.'' The man cautioned.
