Thought I'd throw my own in here with the rest. 
 
 I was in a place of death and suffering. I knew it to be true without knowing why I had this knowledge. I knew that beyond the walls of my cell, there lay hundreds of others, slaves taken off the streets, from homes, from schools. I knew that this place was one where the wealthy came to pleasure themselves with the castoff of society, where the basest human instincts and the most refined forms of cruelty could be practiced freely, for the right price. I was taken to be meat, one of the perverse and exotic services offered by this place. 
 
 My cell was small, made of dark stone with a single barred door set into one wall. Air and the distant noise of flowing water filtered up and circulated through the floor's grating, a feature meant to be used as a sort of toilet. Twice a day, food was pushed through the bars of the door, a strange gruel in a paper bowl. I was afraid of what the gruel was made from, some sort of meat mixed with oats in a light broth. I did n't know how long I'd been there, but the men that guarded the prison complex taunted me every time they passed, whispering words of an impending visit of my `` sponsor'', the man or woman I suspected had purchased me from whoever ran this place. 
 
 I'd been working the large screws holding the floor's grate in place for days, working each one out with fingers that were raw and bloody from the task. Beneath the grate, about ten feet down, a stream flowed past, carrying human waist with it. I knew that it lead to the outside, to freedom. Finally, I worked it free from the floor. I slipped down into the shaft, trying to work the grate back into position over the top of the hole, attempting to cover my tracks. 
 
 I dropped, landing in the thick water with a muted splash. It was cleaner than I expected, a murky grey foaming mass that carried me along. In an instant, I was outside, standing in a small brown pond. I climbed out of the pond, moving towards the fencing and the trenches. I followed the perimeter of the first fence line, attempting to find a place to scale or a gate with a breakable lock. 
 
 I found a terrible sight, a woman, looking old beyond her years, hanging in a twisted mass of torn and battered fencing, as if she'd tried to force her way through and broken through the net of metal only for it to tangle her arms and legs in a mass of razor wire. She was still alive, old blood dried in long thick lines down her ragged skin. She spoke with the voice of an old woman, though she only looked to be middle aged. `` Would yo be a dear and fetch my cigarettes from my pocket there?'' 
 
 I obeyed her request, fishing a pack of Pall Mall cigarettes out of her pocket along with a small orange lighter. I lit one of the cigarettes and placed it in her mouth. `` Come with me, we can escape.'' I asked, hoping for a companion after the long time spent trapped in the dungeon of the slave brothel. 
 
 `` No,'' she replied, `` It's too late for me, go on ahead, I've made my peace with this.'' 
 
 I left her, lighting another cigarette for her before climbing through a hole next to her body. I scaled down into and then up over the side of the trenches, miraculously not piercing my body on any of the sharpened stakes or broken glass that filled them. As I ran, I looked back to see an enormous gothic manor the size of a large strip mall resting in the distance, on a raised plateau. I saw the distant form of the old slave prostitute. I looked away as a pack of dogs tore her apart. I could her the shredding of clothing and meat, the barking of dogs, but not screams of pain. 
 
 I ran for a day across a strange barren red desert, feet never growing tired. I seemed almost to fly away from the place, freedom coursing through me like a drug. The desert soon became more lively, bushes and small animals appearing as I covered the miles. Eventually I came to a large abandon railroad way station. Train cars lay rusting and decaying in the sands, thrown off the rails by some force. They formed a semicircle, a man standing in the center. 
 
 The man was rough, with sunburned skin, ragged hair, a patchy beard, and eyes that seemed to see for miles and hide a loneliness that could crush any lesser man. He was armed with a multitude of weapons: knives, guns, grenades, and body armor. He saw me and pulled one hand closer to his chest, holding some small piece of glossy paper. `` You should n't be here.'' He said in a flat tone. `` They'll be coming soon.'' 
 
 `` Who?'' I asked, stepping closer to him. 
 
 `` They will kill you if they find you, hide in one of the tank cars.'' He pointed and I followed his instructions, peeking at his hand and seeing a photo of a woman and a young girl. As I climbed in, he shut the door and I heard a grinding noise. `` Stay here and do n't make a noise.'' 
 
 I followed his instructions and soon I heard gunfire. A line of holes appeared in the side of the tank I hid within, shining light into the darkness and blinding me as I heard inhuman screams outside. Something passed in front of the tank and blocked out the light again, plunging me into darkness. I heard a noise like the end of the world and it was over. I slept soon after that. 
 
 I woke to the sound of men outside. I stood and cautiously peeked through the bullet holes in my tank, seeing police officers and men in forensic uniforms leaning over a bloody sheet that covered what I could only assume to be the man's body. They talked, but the sound was muted and indistinct, as if it traveled through water instead of air. Soon, a man arrived in a red sports car, wearing a well-tailored suit with red trim and a dark tie. He spoke with one of the officers and I heard his voice clearly. `` I had a runaway. If you see him, you know what to do.'' There was a distorted response and the man turned to go converse with another officer. I knew the man somehow, knew that he was the one who had taken me, the one who ran the slave brothel. I hated him. 
 
 Instead of fear, I felt exhilaration, like a euphoria urging me to action. I carefully tried the hatch I'd entered through, finding it unlocked and hanging open slightly. I slipped out into the twilight of evening. I made my way quickly to the sports car the man in red had arrived in. The keys were in and the engine idled. I put it into drive and slipped off into the night. 
 
 I drove through the night, it seemed shorter than is should have been. As noon arrived, a voice came over the radio. `` I like you kid, you have guts. Too bad about that.'' I recognized the voice as the man in the dark red trimmed suit. The car exploded into fire and I flew into the air, my mangled body arching up towards the heavens, so nearly free, so nearly flying, until I came back down and died on the hot pavement of the road. 
 
 Then I woke up.
