I reach my hand up and grab the rock above me to pull myself up the side of the rocky cliff. I figured that if I made it to the top of this cliff side I might be able to see where my plane had landed. Amazingly, I had survived the jump out of it with only minor injury but my plane, and the survival pack inside of it had all landed somewhere on the other side of the island. 
 
 I place both my hands on the top of the cliff and grunt as I struggle to lift myself onto the plateau. Apparently rock climbing immediately after jumping out of a plane was n't a good idea. 
 
 Rolling onto my back, I stare up at the sky and attempt to catch my breathe, but it's knocked out of me again when I turn my gaze to the beach shore. Piles of trash as far as the eye can see litter the shore. Although the sight made me extremely worried for the earth and the state of the environment, it also filled me with hope as something useful could easily be hidden in the mounds of junk that lay on the beach. 
 
 I roll onto my stomach and quickly descend down the cliff side towards the beach shore, dreaming of all the tools I could fine in the rubbish. Once at an appropriate height, I leap down onto the ground and race to the beach to begin my search. I dig through the first pile I reach and am immediately greeted with a small tamagotchi toy. 
 
 `` That's weird'' I laugh as I hold up the toy, `` I had one just like this in elementary school''. The trend continues as I dig further into the pile. Toys I had left on playgrounds, jackets I had left at school, and even headphones I had forgotten on bus seats comprised the pile of trash in front of me. It was through this observation that I discover the piles were all made up of things that I had lost at some point in my life. 
 
 I spend the rest of the day reliving childhood memories and reuniting with items I thought I would never see again. I start on one end of the beach and make my way to the other throughout the day, placing items I think are important, or things I just like into a backpack I had left on an airplane when I was 13. 
 
 The sun was just setting as I finally make my way to the final heap when the shape of another human figure caught my eye. They stood a little ways away from the pile, their back turned to me. I feel my heart leap at the sight as it meant I wouldn ’ t be alone on this island after all. 
 
 `` Hey!'' I call out to them, but they continue to face away from me. `` HEY!'' I yell louder this time and being to run towards them. Their head perks up this time, a signal that they ’ ve heard, and they turns their body to face me. 
 
 My heart stops as I realize that it's the unmistakable face of my ex-wife.
