( posted mine on my [ blog! ] ( http: //gloriestostories.blogspot.com ) ) 
 
 Theo Cullins walked the old streets of Valia, his small town in the land of Khalhalla. It was a small mining and fishing village, with the vast Lake Jericho on the east docks, and the Krodar Mines to the west, in the edge of Mount Faito. He ran, whipping his stick about like a blade, round and round, swatting trees and swishing it through long grass. He was the age of eight, not yet old enough to join his father in the mines, or join his mother on the docks. He had short mousy hair, thin and straight like a pin. 
 
 He spent his time in the schoolhouse on the south end of town, the head of which truly disliked him, since he couldn ’ t keep his attention on the mathematics classes. He loved history, the study of knights and knighthood, the interesting life of royalty. He knew he could never be in such a live, but it was a joy to think it. He did find mining and fishing interesting, but he felt like he was meant for more. 
 
 “ Say my boy, do you happen to have a shilling? I haven ’ t eaten for days. ” Said a hoarse voice. As he looked to it, there was a man sitting on the ground by the inn. He had russet-brown skin and a long bushy grey beard. His clothes were ripped and dirty, as was his face and feet, covered in dry mud. He had a sweetened smile, with no lack of teeth, and small auburn eyes. Why, Theo did have a shilling. A few, actually. He trotted over to the man, holding out two of them. “ Here you are sir, I have a bunch, so here ’ s two 
 
 “ My, you ’ re kind. What ’ s your name, boy? ” The man asked. 
 
 “ Theodore, Theodore Cullins. ” Theo thought to himself, the man seemed hungry. 
 
 “ Would you like a meal, sir? Kira, the owner of the inn makes a great beef stew, with all sorts of succulent meat, carrots, potatoes... come come! ” Theo said. He had lots of time on his hands, and he wanted to do something nice. 
 
 “ My, that ’ s very kind of you, young man. ” The man said again. 
 
 “ My parents always taught me to help others. Whether it comes back to me or not, doing nice things helps others be happy! What ’ s your name? ” 
 
 “ Mine, oh, I ’ m uh... Kael, Kael Grandin. ” 
 
 “ Nice to meet you Kael. ” 
 
 “ Say Theo, who ’ s your new friend? ” Kira walked up while they chatted, she was a young woman with long wavy red hair and emerald green eyes, with quite a few freckles dancing across her face. 
 
 “ His name ’ s Kael! ” Theo said happily. “ Two beef stews please! ” Kira laughed and nodded, walking over to the kitchen. “ So, what brings you to town? Do you live near here? ” 
 
 “ Oh, no, I ’ m not from around here. I travel a lot, I go to many cities. ” Kael replied. 
 
 “ Like where? Have you ever been to the capital? ” Theo asked. 
 
 Kael ’ s eyes grew wide as dinner plates, but attempted to steel himself. “ Oh, um, yes. I have, why do you ask? ” 
 
 “ It just seems like a nice place, I ’ ve only heard stories. The knights, the nobles, it 
 all seems so fancy. I wonder what it ’ s like over there. I ’ m happy being here though, my family works hard but we live a nice life. ” 
 
 “ Has your family always lived here? ” 
 
 “ No, they ’ re all over the place. I have an uncle in Burmingham, an aunt in Fralen, grandparents in Grenda and Tranvale… ” He paused, deep in thought. 
 
 Kael and Theo chatted for awhile, and ate their delicious stew. Theo questioned him about all sorts of towns, places, personalities. He was ever so curious, happily eating his stew while Kael ate as well. Kael seemed to cheer up gradually, asking him lots of questions about his family, his town, what kind of things he enjoyed and his favourite classes in school. “ You remind me a lot of myself when I was your age, young man. ” Kael said, nodding slowly. 
 
 “ Are you staying here long? You seem to travel a lot. You know a lot about history, it ’ s my favourite class! I love hearing stories. ” 
 
 Kael laughed, “ As do I, young man. ” Kael finished the last of his stew. “ This stew is delicious, you don ’ t taste such fresh food in the capital. Thank you so much for offering this meal. ” 
 
 “ Hey, no problem! It ’ s the least I could do. What else would I spend it on, anyway? Might as well do something nice with it! ” Theo said happily. They slowly got up, and strolled out together, thanking Kira for the delicious stew. “ How long will you be around? ” Theo asked again. 
 
 “ I ’ m sorry Theo, but I ’ m afraid I must leave town for now. ” Kael said sullenly. 
 
 “ Aw, you can ’ t! Where are you going? I want to hear more tales of history! ” Theo exclaimed. 
 
 Kael chuckled. ” I ’ m sure we ’ ll see each other another day, lad. You can count on it. I can always come here, can ’ t I? ” He smiled sweetly, strolling out of the village, looking back with a sly grin. 
 
 Seeing his friend go, Theo realized it was almost time for his parents to return from their work. Rushing home, he got there right as they arrived. “ Now, where were you young man? ” His father asked with a chuckle. 
 
 “ I met an interesting man! He knew all sorts of history, but he travels, had to leave town today. He likes switching areas a lot, apparently. ” Theo said quietly, looking at the ground. 
 
 “ Now now my boy, I ’ m sure he ’ ll be back one day. ” 
 
 ***** 
 
 
 One week later, a knock came to the Cullins ’ front door. Theo opened it, seeing a large knight in blue-tinged full steel armor, the mark of the capital on it, a trident with a sun behind it. 
 
 “ Theo Cullins? ” The knight askedin a gruff voice. 
 
 Theo was taken aback. What would a knight want with me? he wondered. “ Um, yes, that ’ s me. ” 
 
 “ I have a message from the king. ” 
 
 “ The king? Why would I have a message from him? ” He had never known the king, nor seen him before. Had he? 
 
 “ Don ’ t ask me, boy. I ’ m a messenger. ” The knight held out a letter, marked with the king ’ s seal in wax. 
 
 Theo accepted it carefully, opening it. He read it carefully, eyes bulging, arms shaking. “ Son, what is it? ” His father asked. 
 
 “ It ’ s... It ’ s… ” Theo was speechless, barely able to say a word. after a moment of silence, he readied himself and read the letter aloud. 
 
 
 It was a joy having stew with you, young man. 
 You are kind to those who need it, and enjoy 
 some of the most important parts of our 
 kingdom, its history. Call it a hunch, but 
 I think I ’ ve found my heir. Let the knight 
 know your decision, and if it ’ s a yes, 
 come to the capital with your family when 
 you ’ re ready. 
 Sincerely, 
 King Grandia Authra IX, “ Kael Grandin ” 
 

