He waited for these moments, idle. He sat in his chair with his eyes closed, listening, feeling. The sounds in his immediate vicinity he heard; but those further away, more mundane sounds, he felt. The kind of sound that is only noticeable when they ’ re not there. The hum of the traffic on the highway, distant, or the wind rushing through the underpass. He heard the children playing in the park across the way, and the dog investigating various events in the garden by his window. Sometimes the sounds would help him remember. Trigger something that was all but gone in his mind. 
 
 Today, he heard someone nearby playing a piano, just a few notes but it was enough. He was back. Back in that empty hall years earlier. All the diners and dancers had left, and it was him and another man left. He was friends with the other man, but the name was long gone from his mind. They were laughing together, and as young men are wont to do, never got too serious. 
 Do you play any Bill Evans? He enquired, gesturing toward the grand piano against the wall. His friend replied ahh, Bill Evans is pretty complex but I know a little. The man walked to the piano and pressed a couple of keys. The friend paused at the piano, and looked. Then began playing the first phrase of a Bill Evans piece that he knew. He felt the keys beneath his fingers, the ivory, cool and solid. Evans was the kind of pianist that, through immense effort, became effortless, floating between chords, slipping up and down phrases, in and out of scales. He didn ’ t know much of the Bill Evans piece, so before too long he was stretching and augmenting, repeating phrases out of order and back to front. The player, was just playing. And the world, became black and white. Sharp and Flat. Easy. He sunk closer to the keys, long hair sweeping the keys, body swaying. 
 
 His friend ended the phrase a note before he should ’ ve, and let it hang. Then he stood, gave slight smile, and walked towards the door. The spell was broken. 
 The enquirer stared at the piano for a few moments longer. 
 
 … 
 
 Before; he ’ d thought that discovering that his end was imminent would have changed the way he lived his life, but it hadn ’ t really. When he was moved into the hospice there was no realisation of regret, or satisfaction at a life well lived, and at first that troubled him, but pretty soon he realised that it didn ’ t matter whether your death arrived in three weeks, or ten years; you still got up, cleaned up, and made a cup of coffee. So, there he sat, in the late afternoon sunshine of a summer day. 
 
 Then he heard the children playing again, and he wasn ’ t taken back, but forward. 
 He heard them squeal as they ran passed on the street outside in the orange evening light. And he raged. The constant involuntary shake of his hand was exacerbated by his fury. His eyes watered with frustration. He raged against his body for slowing and his memory for slipping. His memory, though, had not slipped so much that he was not constantly reminded of what his strength use to be, his speed. 
 All this would go on, the children would play in the streets, the dons would play on the weekend, young people would go out drinking and end the night with bodies twisted together. And he would just be there, sitting in his fucking chair. He ’ d be there, and then he wouldn ’ t. 
 
 In the garden outside his window, the dusty air of the hot summer evening rendered the rays of the setting sun that fell through the lavender bush into solid beams of gold. The little dog was still in the garden, chasing its tail, following scents. It ran into a patch of light and barked. It took a step back and looked quizzically at the column of light, seemingly solid, unbend-able. The dog barked again and jumped at the beam mouth outstretched around it. His jaws snapped shut, he crashed to the ground. Almost as he got back to his feet the light visibly receded as the sun set, the darkness increased. His jaws snapped at the light again, attempting to pull it back towards him as it hopelessly slipped away. The dog, kept barking. The sun, kept setting. He just sat in his chair, idle, staring into the abyss below 

