``... For years mankind fought nature to leave the Earth. Now they fight to return.'' 
 
 
 
 
 The intercom buzzed and went silent. Second Lieutenant MacDow layed on his bunk, rotating a coin between his fingers. NASA had known about the worm hole just beyond Mars. The ship named Cosmos, after the Carl Sagan series, had just passed the red planet when they floated into it. But after that all contact was lost; now they were on their way to the Wormhole, which they should be arriving at withing the next week. The intercom buzzed again, MacDow sat up and went to his pod door, still fidgeting with the coin. `` Hello?'' He said, pressing his finger to the green button by the door. 
 
 `` Sir, it's Warrant Officer Benal. Captain Zuluaga would like you at the bridge.'' 
 
 `` Thank you, Warrant.'' 
 
 Grabbing his cover and putting the quarter in his pocket he left for the bridge, marching at as reasonable pace he could in the odd simulated gravity. 
 
 _ 
 
 
 
 He came to the large reinforced door labeled `` B-1'' which led to the command deck of the bridge. He entered the reasonably sized room and halted, saluting as he did. `` Sir, Second Lieutenant MacDow, reporting.'' The captain returning the salute spoke in a broken, and barely audible voice. 
 
 `` Lieutenant, something has exited the wormhole. You were brought on board as a communications expert.'' The Captain stopped. 
 
 `` Is it the Cosmos?'' MacDow asked, both shocked and hopeful. 
 
 `` We do n't know, that is where you come in. We need to open comms and figure out who the hell this is. We hardly understand the mechanics of how this wormhole works, let alone where our people are.'' The captain sat in a chair by the command module. You have three days before we are passed them, and we can not easily turn a ship this size around to catch up if they are n't friendly. You may use this station and any available resources to talk to them.'' 
 
 `` Sir.'' MacDow gave an affirming nod and saluted as the Captain left. He began his work beginning with the simplest communications the ship had. Morse, on an AM frequency. 
 
 
 _ 
 
 
 It had been two days and nothing so far had worked. MacDow had even tried broadcasting using electromagnetic pulses in an ASCII coding. He placed his hands in his head when the ship rocked. He stood up as alarms began blaring. He pulled up the asteroid map and scanned it for any strays that could have hit. Nothing. Another shudder of the ship keeled him over. The external comms suddenly flared up, he opened the channel to all of command and decoded the message being sent as quickly as he could. It was a complex substitution cypher done over an FM broadcast of some kind. He guessed the key was Cosmos as the way the broadcast came in was secure. It worked. The computer blurted out part of the unscrambled message. `` *Turn back, it*-'' the broadcast cut out as the power shut down on the bridge. 
 
 __ 
 
 
 The window covers open revealing mars, eclipsed by the hole into which the ship was plummeting. This was all wrong though; the hole was too close. Something was wrong. The ship fell into the hole and out the other side. 2Lt MacDow looked out in awe and horror; the craft had gone through the hole and appeared to a massive star in front of them, the sillouette of massive ships, a crumbling husk of a planet, and the dormant remains of the Cosmos. There was no way to track where they were, or call for help, they had to turn around. Humanity depended on it.
