As we walk through the spaceship, I still ca n't wrap my head around it's sheer size. Nor the fact there's an entire flotilla of such behemoths. 
 
 | Handler: This is HIH-2E-JAP-1579. Do n't worry about the inhabitants, they cant see and hear holograms - we're functionally invisible. You'll only be able to interact with them once you come in flesh and blood. This recreation of the environment where you will be tasked to operate will serve as your training grounds for the next several months before you undertake the mission. 
 
 All around us living and breathing humans are living and dying in a lie floating in space. They call the bright lights that let their crops grow'sun' and go sleep when we dim them down. Everything is run on a very short clock that mimics how the flow of time was on'Earth'. These people die of diseases we have cured four thousand years ago - the purpose would be defeated otherwise. The luckiest succumb simply to aging! It's a technical marvel down to the ship's microclimate - a stunning achievement of fourth area engineering. 
 
 We stumble on dozens bowing down to an idol fashioned after an hologram seen throughout the ship. 
 
 | Bytewave: What is this group doing? 
 
 | Handler: Praying to the Emperor. The faction from'Mount Tate' recently devastated this part of the Reproduction. The Emperor was weak then - Nobunaga the true power - but the commonfolk still believed their de-jure ruler was a deity. You remember the class explaining what theology was? 
 
 | Bytewave: Obviously. It's just the first time I've seen'prayers' myself. 
 
 | Handler: Yes, well, this is your first mission that'll date back to the second era. I can not stress enough how important your understanding of every detail of their life is about to become. This mission will not succeed unless you learn to think like one of them. 
 
 | Bytewave: I know. Is it truly necessary that I forgo cell-stabilization during training, though? 
 
 | Handler: Imperial Command orders, sealed in trinium by the vice-Chancellor himself. No element absent from their society must be allowed during the immersion of agents. Yes, you'll age. The quicker we are satisfied with your progress, the quicker it'll end and the quicker we can proceed with the actual mission. You know how high the stakes are. 
 
 As we walk around, I watch those people born in squalor who die for nothing beyond letting a handful of us prepare for missions like my own. I can hardly protest. Others are sacrificing far more before my very eyes. The only difference is that I understand why they exist - and why I exist. People praying to'Gods' never did. 
 
 | Bytewave: I believe I will be able to integrate into 2E-JAP-1579. I've gone through the theory a hundred times. My biggest fear is n't the training nor the mission - it's the possibility that the data on which this was built was wrong. I'll do the immersion, I'll age, fine. I'll go there. But I can only ensure the civil war lasts for another century if what we know is right, and I have some concer... 
 
 | Handler: Imperial Command is well aware of the risk of erroneous data in the simulation and the possibility you may not achieve mission aims. 
 
 | Bytewave: And yet you're not troubled? 
 
 | Handler: No. You're fourth wave on this. Your primary mission is to delay the end of the civil war - mine is ensure the Empire learns through your beacon as much as it can from your failure so that fifth wave has better odds, and when they fails that sixth does. That's how it works. 
 
 I'm trying to scream out at the admission they're expecting me to fail. This is a suicide run so they can learn just a little more?!!? I want to be boiling with anger, ready to lash out but... my neck is burning. The chip there that helped me my whole life, it's... not letting me scream. My cerebral cortex does n't feel like mine anymore, I'm out of this crazy shit, I'm just about to kill my handler! I... what?! 
 
 | Bytewave: Of course. If we can extend this civil war, the first of the dominoes does n't go down. I'll do my best to provide as much data as possible for my successor. 
 
 | Handler: Excellent. We'd like you to be ready to go within four months. Good luck. 
 
 EDIT ( requested by two people, [ the logic behind the scenario ] ( http: //www.reddit.com/r/bytewave/comments/2l5ka5/whats_your_favorite_bytewave_tale_and_why/cmyfbcl ), even tho it kind of goes against the original request - hope that's okay: ) )
