The Spear careening into the mountain range unleashed a deafening groan, its neocarbon frame splitting and fraying as it was pierced by the jagged peaks. Bright green and blue blurs could be seen showering upon it as it fell, cracking the hardened plating. If not for the horrifying implications for humanity, it was truly a spectacle. 
 
 This was the surface of Marsa Versa, one of the first worlds that the old humans had entered after leaving the Origin System. Never having been favorable for terraforming ( that had of course been the warmer neighbor, Erosa Versa ), its only real purpose was a solid rock in a convenient place in which to build a jump point connecting other systems. 
 
 Dakra ’ s gaze rolled over the scene, evaluating and calculating. The Spear ’ s “ Glorious Charge ” had been nothing more than a suicide run. 
 
 *Fitting. The Proto favored ancient Jap tactics, confusing honorable death with savagery. * 
 
 Dakra spat in disgust. He was there when the Defense Council cowered in fear at Chukwu ’ s report, had seen the trembling hands vote to activate the Proto Scheme. In retrospect, it sounded silly: clone the dead from millennia ago, use accelerated learning to modernize them, and then wait with hands on hips for them to find a solution. *How gullible they had been. How foolish and irresponsible. * 
 
 Clutching the wound at his side, Dakra hunched over and retreated into the cave. The Spear would leave no survivors, the Proto ’ s bastardized plan would have seen to that. Even without sabotage, the Scheme had been doomed to failure. Humanity had not come so far through savagery. No, its achievements were the fruit of generations upon generations of intelligence. 
 
 Dakra winced and pursed his lips as he descended the ladder, feeling faint and dizzy as he dismounted. His side was festering and reeked harshly. His immune system was wholly unprepared for this pathogen, and it didn ’ t help that Chukwu ’ s teeth had sunk in so deep. It was unclear when exactly Chukwu ’ s nervous system had been infested, when precisely he began his coordination of events that would lead humanity ’ s forces to complete collapse, but it had been nothing short of cunning. 
 
 The Proto Scheme had been pathetic in their effectiveness, their modernization training undermined by Chukwu ’ s endless “ modifications ” based on falsified battle reports. They had been carefully sculpted to be pathetically useless in directing modern warfare. Alexander, Caesar, Hannibal… all swept to the side uselessly and expending precious fighters and equipment along with them. 
 
 *How wrong we had been. We had thought them savages, our intellect superior. But in their savagery, in their aggression their intellect shines brightly. * 
 
 Dakra put a hand in his pocket and clutched the encryption discs tightly as he descended another ladder. In spite of humanity ’ s most advanced flagship on fire, useless and strewn in bits over some 300 kilometers, a smile cracked Dakra ’ s lips in defiance. 
 
 It was a longshot, a “ Hail Mary ” as the Classic Archives might had referred to it. The encryption discs were old technology, dating back to when the pioneers had arrived on Marsa Versa. These dusty facilities had been long forgotten to most, existing merely as some odd shapes in the hills for the few residents of Marsa Versa. But from reading old planet schematics, Dakra was certain the terminal before him was a critical juncture in maintaining the jump point to the other sectors. 
 
 Perhaps the old Earth and the rest of the nearby Origin System would be found and snuffed out. *Unavoidable. Earth and our ancient history will probably be destroyed. But not the other sectors – no, they CAN NOT have those. * They were loosely populated, but very fertile areas. And at least humanity might have a chance to mount a proper defense. The jump point was a marvel in technological advancement – the enemy would be completely unable to restabilize the jump without Marsa Versa, maybe even for a few hundred years. And who knows what intellectual marvels humanity could engineer by then? 
 
 Or so, that was the hope. Dakra ’ s whole torso ached painfully now, 2 full hours after decapitating General Chukwu. He felt an alarming numbness creeping into his neck and a slight haze settling over his vision. 
 
 Dacra clenched his fists and steeled his eyes. He shoved the encryption keys into the terminal. 
 
 “ Hail Mary. ”
