The plan is simple. 
 
 First, we'll need a car. 
 
 Cam, you're going to drive, I need you to head down 95 and hit exit 14 as fast as you can. We'll need everyone alive for this, so Paul, you're going to make sure that thing is bulletproof. The good news, once the ride is over, you can call it day Cam. The bad? You're taking us through a brick wall. We're hitting the wall of the pool hall on 3rd as hard as we possibly can, this time of day it should be pretty empty, but we need our boys on the inside to guarantee that. 
 
 Once we're in, we scatter. You need to move quick and clean, I want every civilian tied up and blindfolded before they know what's going on. Put them in the back office and head for the stairs. 
 
 In the basement there should be an old access shaft, according to the blueprints DJ got us, the tunnels underneath all lead to the same place, the public library. 
 
 This is where we can relax, take your time getting upstairs, blend. There's an unlocked door leading up to the roof, we get there, and Bob is going to have our lift ready to the next roof over, right Bob? As you may know, that's the new Bencroft building, which lucky for us, is still under construction. 
 
 Head to the other side, get on that railing, and boys - I'm afraid we'll have to jump. There should be a garden on the 18th floor, if our math is right, you'll land just fine. You'll go through the french doors, if they're locked, go through em anyway. Sam has been sitting on the place for weeks, so it should be empty if we time it right. 
 
 Head downstairs - and Ben, take care of the security. Cameras, alarms, whatever they've got. The rest of you are heading to the old man's office, it should be on the same floor, the place is big, but you'll find it. 
 
 Once you're in, I want you to take everything you can see, nailed down or not. Paintings, wine, and every fuckin' key he's got. Once you're ready, we take the lift downstairs, pick your ride, and drive the hell out of there. With any luck the cops will still be a block down wondering where the hell we went, and we'll be heading to the meet, free and clear. 
 
 Relax now boys, it's going to be a long day. 
 
 **I decided that using the Rube Goldberg machine from [ Ok Go - This Too Shall Pass ] ( http: //www.youtube.com/watch? v=qybUFnY7Y8w ) would be a fun inspiration**
