It was bitterly cold, the wind seeped through my winter layers, wherever it touched felt wet. I cradled my daily Chai Latte close to my chest, protecting it as though it were the last ember of a dying fire, the only warmth to be had on my bleak trek to the center of town. 
 
 Just another Monday, like any other. Gray, desolate, the hollow promise of a satisfying life had been slowly fading as the years dragged on, and the last of its protective layer is flaking away from my soul as I write this. 
 
 Ever since my early childhood I had been intrigued by fiction. Fantastical stories of future scientific wonders, age old myths of gods, and dragons. Heroes overcoming any odds to bring safety and light to the cold and unforgiving world. I lost myself in novels and stories, let myself forget the reality that I would never be Hercules, never travel with Professor Otto Lidenbrock to the depths of our planet. 
 
 After these many years of school, hard work, failed relationships, and everything else the slow creeping death of adulthood gifts to us, my inner flame of hope has been battered into submission. It's nearly gone now, though the pilot light of my fantasies still burns, somewhere inside me. I know this because it blossoms into a roaring furnace of happiness and dream when I fall asleep. 
 
 Despite the constant crushing feeling of the steamroller of life compressing me into a cardboard-flat puzzle piece in the landscape of humanity, I continue. I still walk to work every day, I sit at my desk, I look at the numbers that I went to school for so long to be able to read. I do my job. 
 
 On this particular Monday, which I had thought was like any other Monday, something peculiar happened. As I was forging my path through the frigid streets I was assaulted by the screaming of what seemed to be a living conglomerate of rough brown blankets. As I scrutinized the woolly folds, a brown, deeply wrinkled face materialized. It reminded me of a walnut. I tuned out the inane ramblings about conspiracies, aliens, Obama and Putin's love affair, and whatever else the obviously ailing mind was ejecting through its toothless maw. I had planned to keep walking but a silvery glint from the blanket-ball caught my eye, and I stopped to examine it. As I moved in a little closer, the man, or woman, I could n't really tell through the layer of grime on it's face, slowly pushed the blankets back from it's head to reveal a marvelously crafted tin foil hat. 
 
 The creature in the blanket pile began to regale me with a tale of how the metallic headpiece had protected him from the machinations of the secret alien empire living under the earth's crust, and as I had no particular interest in going to work, I listened. As the story unfolded, my pilot light began to swell, maybe it could be real... I decided that no, it's not possible. Near the end of the enthralling yarn, it petitioned me to put on the hat, assuring me that I would see the truth, if I would only wear the foil. I politely declined, and decided I should be on my way, I would n't want to get fired. 
 
 I only made it a few feet before feeling the impact of 200 lbs of wool and human flesh ramming into my back, slamming me into the ground. Grubby fingers clawed at my hood and plaid scarf, tearing them from my head and neck, and I felt the freezing crinkle of aluminum replace them, the woolbeast leapt off my back and screamed `` now SEEEE!'' 
 
 I shakily stood up, eyes shut tight. What if it was real, I did n't feel any different, but what will I see when I open my eyes? I felt the warmth of hope welling in my breast as I slowly raised my reluctant lids. Now, with my eyes fully open, I did see. I saw everything. I took it all in, and it was all the same. Shivering pedestrians, cars inching along in gridlock traffic, and a crazy homeless person waving their arms and jumping up and down next to me. A gust of wind blew the tin foil hat off my head and into oblivion. I slowly raised my eyes to the grey sky, braced my self, and sighed as my pilot light flickered and went out.
