I hated them. 
 
 It was because of them that I was stuck here, in this stupid research lab. 
 
 But I was not alone. There were 11 others with me, all of us given a'room' each. Except it felt more like a cage. The area was heavily guarded, with sercurity personnels at every alternate cell. Scientists would come and go, poking us every now and then, taking blood samples and whatnot. 
 
 `` Please,'' I asked for the hundredth time, when my researcher came in. `` When can we leave? We've been here for weeks.'' 
 
 The man in the coat and mask simply shrugged as he checked my blood pressure. Then he promptly left. I groaned in frustration, and hit my fists against the glass wall. The security guy swivelled around and aimed his gun at me. I stared daggers at him, and as the anger welled up inside of me, the lines on my arms glowed brighter. 
 
 It all started when the earthquake happened a few weeks ago in the central business district, except it was n't really an earthquake. Tall, humanoid figures with glowing amber skin emerged from the ground. They had no exact features to speak of- just rough indents for the eyes, and a slight protrusion for the nose. They just stood there at first, still and quiet. 
 
 The military soon came in, guns trailed on them, and the news teams were all over the place. These strange creatures were dubbed the Golden People. Next thing we knew, people on the streets began to gravitate towards them, surrounding them like a protective wall. 
 
 Then each of these people turned to face the cameras, and they spoke in unision, `` We mean your people no harm. We have dwelled the core of your home for millions of years, and now the time has come for us to return. But to do so, we need a select few to provide us with assistance. We hope to have your co-operation.'' 
 
 Then, the civillians all dropped to the ground; it was later reported that they were unharmed. 
 
 But that was also when the orange lines appeared on my body. It started as a dot on my finger, and soon blossomed into an intricate pattern that spread all the way up my neck and face. It was n't long before the government found me and had me relocated to that research base, and that was when I realised I was n't the only one. 
 
 Some believed that we were what the Golden meant by'select few'; the government thought we might have been infected with some virus. 
 
 I did n't care. I justed wanted to go home. 
 
 A noise jolted me out of my thoughts. The guard outside my cell had crumpled to the ground, and my door slid open. A middle-aged woman came into view- I recognised her as my neighbor. Her eyes and skin glowed orange. 
 
 `` Come,'' she said, reaching out to me. `` It's time.'' 
 
 I blinked in confusion, not comprehending what was going on, what just happened. I noticed that the lines on my skin were getting brighter and I began to panick. 
 
 Then, it hit me hard. A wave of calm and a profound *understanding* overcame me. I smiled. 
 
 Everything became clear.
