It was after the seventeenth stabbing that the shadowy figure appeared in my basement. 
 
 It was a normal Tuesday morning, after my night shift at the packing plant had ended. I sat in my gaming chair, mindlessly mashing buttons on the controller and letting the bright colors on the display blur in front of me. My character on the screen plunged his knife into his foe's chest. The enemy dropped to the ground. 
 
 I instinctively put a hand to my own chest. It had barely been three hours since that mugger skewered me, but like always, the wound had healed almost instantly, leaving yet another scar like the thousands that already crisscrossed my body. At this point I had almost stopped reacting to it. 
 
 I sighed and paused the game to run a hand over my face, feeling the ugly regrown tissue. After surviving fire, acid, frostbite, guns, knives ( and once even a medieval mace ), I was sure that God had cursed me. What point was there in living when I was so disfigured I could only go outside at night, and then only with most of my face covered? When all of my friends had been driven away, because I seemed to attract death everywhere I went? 
 
 In the midst of my self-pity, Death himself came to answer my questions. 
 
 I began to be aware of a presence beside me. At first, I could n't see anything; I just felt a creeping sense of unease. Then the being slowly materialized into a mass of shifting darkness. 
 
 I bolted out of my chair and ran for the stairs; suddenly, the shadowy mass appeared in front of me to block the way. 
 
 `` You ca n't run from death,'' the voice boomed. I guess it was an attempt to sound impressive, but it just came across as edgy to me. I would have laughed if I was n't still terrified. 
 
 `` Funny,'' I retorted, trying to keep my voice from shaking, `` I think I've done a pretty good job of that over the years.'' 
 
 The wraith growled but did n't dispute my claim. `` You were supposed to have died years ago, wretched human, but none of my efforts were successful. In fact, the longer you survived, the weaker I became.'' The longer the voice spoke, the easier it was for me to tell that it was weary, and only attempting to project an image of strength. 
 
 `` Why?'' I stepped closer to it, my burning curiosity overpowering my fear. `` Why ca n't I die?'' 
 
 The shadow paused. In fact, it paused so long that I began to grow frustrated. 
 
 `` Tell me!'' I reached out to grab it instinctively. A large repulsive force pushed me backward, but not before I realized, with revulsion, that the thing actually had mass and a cold, slimy texture. 
 
 `` FOOLISH-'' A hacking sound suddenly began to emanate from the wraith, almost as if it were coughing. `` Give me a moment-'' Finally, it managed to compose itself. 
 
 `` You are Death,'' it said simply. 
 
 All I could do was stare. `` But I thought you were-'' 
 
 `` Well, technically - technically, yes.'' If the shadow had a hand, it would have waved it. `` For now. I am here to pass on my title.'' 
 
 `` The duty of separating souls from their bodies has always been performed by a former mortal. Spirits - demons, angels, and the like - can not physically manifest on earth. Death has to be present at the moment of a human's demise to collect their soul, so the task has always been given to those who were once human. However, the longer it has been since Death was human, the more difficult it is for them to physically manifest. When this power begins to decline, another human will appear, the one human who can resist Death's efforts to take their soul. This human is to be their successor.'' 
 
 After that overload of information, all I could think to say was, `` Do I get a cloak and a scythe, or do I have to look like a weird blob?'' 
 
 The wraith seemed to seethe, but it said begrudgingly, `` You can look like whatever you want.'' 
 
 I saw a new vision of myself: a badass, grizzled warrior of souls, striking fear into the hearts of all who beheld me. Now I had no desire to fix my hideous face. It would only help my image. 
 
 I grinned and extended a hand to my new mentor. 
 
 `` Deal.''
