Fingers dance rhythmically upon his legs, jagged fingernails snagging on the denim fibers, his lips contorted into an ever present smile upon his jaundiced face. Bobbing his head to a tune that does n't exist, he stares blankly at a screen without sound, color or picture, waiting for the commercials to end. The cogs in his mind are dulled, broken and out of place from years of use or misuse one can not say, all that remains is a dark void filled with a single voice that attempts to find some reason or order in the young man's day. 
 
 “ What do you think you're doing there, huh? ” The disgruntled voice asks as he pulls the cord to a single light in the dark space of the man's head. 
 
 “ I'm waiting for the show to come back on. Commercials are boring and this channel is stupid. ” he responds, throwing the remote through the screen. “ I'm going to go watch the outdoor channel now. ” Blockhead continues, rising from his seat. 
 
 “ What do you mean, outdoor channel? You can't-Oh, no. No. You remember what happened the last time you went outside? ” the old man asks, sitting in a small green chair surrounded by numerous empty alcohol bottles. 
 
 “ Mm-Hm. ” he says, shaking his head vigorously upwards and downwards. “ We played chase with the mail man. ” 
 
 “ No, he was trying to run away and you were chasing him on all fours with a pack of stray dogs. ” his conscience replies, a deep look of disgust settling on his frowning face as the young man smiles knowingly. “ Listen. Do not go out that door, do you hear me? Stay inside and play with your tongs or something. Just do n't go outside. I'll be right back. ” 
 
 The old man stands, wiping long silver hairs from his dingy white shirt and walks off into the recesses of the young man's mind. Seeing this as the perfect opportunity to leave the house, Blockhead exits through the window, obeying the instructions of his conscience within some small measure of reason. He lands with a thud atop a pile of broken glass, seemingly uninjured as he rises and dusts himself off. 
 
 “ Mmm. Candy. My favorite. ” he exclaims, picking up a rather large shard of glass and eating it. “ Let's see what adventure I can find today. ” he mumbles through small bits of broken glass spewing from his mouth. He begins making periodic beeping noises as he turns his head, rapidly increasing in pace until spotting two students walking along the sidewalk. 
 
 “ Field Trip! ” he yells, spilling the remaining pieces of glass onto the ground as he rushes over to follow behind the two. The unknowing trio continue walking for several blocks before reaching a large brick building with a small granite sign on the lawn. Curious as to the contents of this sign, the strange man stops as the other two continue on and into the building, pressing his face against the cool stone sign he reads aloud, “ M. Swain Center, Memorial Library ”. 
 
 “ Hmm. ” he says, raising from a half-horizontal position, bringing his hand to rest on his chin as he had likely seen someone else do when lost in thought. “ That sounds like... fun. ” he muses, walking up to and entering the building, the door closing behind as his conscience returns with another bottle. 
 
 
 “ Oh God, what did you do? You went outside did n't you? ” the old man asks, his palm firmly colliding with his forehead. “ You did, did n't you? I was gone for all of a few minutes and now we're... here. I do n't even know where here is. ” he says with a sigh, opening the bottle early and taking a drink. 
 
 “ M. Swain Center, Memorial Library ” Blockhead recites proudly as a young woman dressed in a bright blue blazer and skirt approaches him. 
 
 “ Yes sir, We have the largest selection of books and media in the state. ” she begins with a smile as the yellowed man freezes. “ Is there anything that I can help you with today? ” she says as her eyes focus on the man's appearance. “ A-Are you alright, sir? ” 
 
 “ Just act natural! ” the old man yells in a panic, seeing that Blockhead has grown tense. The young man attempts to speak before the voice in his head interrupts once more, “ On second thought, do n't act natural. You do n't know what natural is. Just-Just get out of here. ” he commands as the nervous man darts past without another word. 
 
 Unable to respond, the young lady watches as he dashes out of sight, turning abruptly into a room marked “ story time ”. Blockhead gazes upon the children gathered in a semicircle around an adult, listening as she reads from a picture book. He continues forward, joining the group by pushing two children over to make room. Sitting with his legs folded, he joins in with the “ ooh ” s and “ ah ” s of the captivated crowd. 
 
 “ Good. Now, just sit here quietly and we'll go home after the story is over. ” his conscience acquiesces as Blockhead listens patiently to the story. 
 
 “ This story is stupid. ” Blockhead complains angrily, grabbing the book from the adult's hands and tearing it into confetti which rains down upon the children who begin to cry and wail. “ That's better. Story time is fun. ” he says, knocking over several children as he dashes out of the room, several upset parents in tow. 
 
 The parents, the reader, the young lady, and children all attempt to follow Blockhead through the library as he makes train sounds and continues running through the aisles before slipping away in the maze of bookshelves. They continue searching as he loses himself in the colorful surroundings, the smell of worn pages and leather as he scans the book titles for one that piques his interest. 
 
 “ You-you know how to read? ” his conscience asks, genuinely surprised and moderately impressed. 
 
 “ Mm-hmm. ” Blockhead responds quietly, reaching for a dark blue book with golden lettering, the title “ Moby Dick ” boldly emblazoned on its front and spine. He opens the book and begins trailing a finger across its text, turning the pages and making noises of understanding as the old man watches in amazement. He then tears a page from the book, stuffing it into his mouth before chewing and swallowing it. 
 
 “ Tastes like fish. ” he determines as the angry horde finally catches up with him. They charge at him from both sides as he raises a single finger to his lips and makes a shushing noise that brings them to a crawl. “ Quiet! This is a library. The nerve of some people. ” he whispers to them and to himself, returning the book back to the shelf forcefully, setting off a domino effect as he escapes in the chaos. His conscience watches on in absolute silence, completely stunned. 
 
 Sitting on the purple couch once more, Blockhead stares at the television as he plays with his tongs. He continues this charade until his conscience can will himself to speak, to say anything that might have some impact, that might make him think about the consequences of his actions. He exhales sharply, giving up on the idea entirely before settling on his usual response. 
 
 “ So, did you have fun today? ” he asks as the words “ The End ” fall from Blockhead's mouth in reply. 
 
 -023 
 
 ( This story is largely based off of the Blockhead series by Michael Swain, a.k.a TheSwain. I really enjoyed writing this story ( or script, depending on how you look at it ) and I hope that you enjoyed reading it as well. )
