It started when I was 8. I had been staying over at my Aunt and Uncle's house, enjoying myself, while my parents were having a date night. Marijuana had just been legalized in Gotham. 
 
 The bastard bat-thing, which our law enforcement had been as incapable of stopping as the original, used an old comprehension engine called `` Watson'' in order to parse and understand the laws it was supposed to be keeping in place. The engine was slow, and prone to bugs. It just so happened that it had yet to keep up with the new law on marijuana. 
 
 When the bat thing had started out, it had been explicitly programmed not to kill. No breaking bones, no crushing skulls, no piercing chests - just wrap up the criminals and leave them hanging for the police. This had worked for years, but the problem was, it was also programmed to try to minimize recidivism rates - that is, try to make sure that people it caught the first time did not commit crimes again. This became a problem when, one time, it caught a repeat criminal for the umpteenth time, and, due to awkward positioning, accidentally happened to hang him by his throat instead of his legs. The bot was unaware it had killed him, but it noticed over the coming months that he no longer showed up committing crimes. So, it repeated throwing its batarangs at that same awkward angle, and began hanging people by their throats. Recidivism rates had never been better. 
 
 So, the day after my parent's date night, I was riding passenger seat in my Aunt's car and staring down at my game boy. As we pulled up to my house, my Aunt turned off the car, then uttered a strangled gasp. I looked up at my house, but before I could see anything, my aunt grabbed my face and hugged it to her chest, shouting `` no, don't-!'' The pain and fear in her voice terrified me. She had to loosen her grip on me for just a moment to start the car, and I took the chance to wrestle out of her grip and look at my front porch. My parents hung there, swaying gently in the breeze. 
 
 From that night on, I became obsessed with the bat-thing, and as I learned more, with artificial intelligence. I needed to *know* what the bat-thing was doing, needed to get inside its head. My family had been wealthy, and so as it became apparent that I was doing far better in school than my peers, skipping grades consistently, the money my parents left me was used to hire tutors to get me even further along more quickly. The constant learning was a numbing agent; while I was learning, I did n't have to be thinking about what had happened. 
 
 In the mean time, my Uncle and Aunt found other children who had had similar experiences. At first, I had been loath to talk to them - I could just be learning more, understanding more, I did n't want to sit around in a puddle of sobbing kids and feel miserable about myself. But, my Uncle and Aunt pointed out that these kids were displaying similar habits to myself, quickly climbing through school, with a laser focus on artificial intelligence. My Aunt and Uncle decided to bring the kids into my tutor sessions, and we became a class of our own, three kids hell-bent on understanding the monster that hung petty criminals in our streets. 
 
 In the mean time, the police department could do nothing. The old bat bastard, worried that any key given to the police that would turn off the bat-thing could be figured out by criminals - or a corrupt police department - had given them the same options as the criminals: either destroy it, or do n't make it angry. They had, at one point, lured the bat-thing into a warehouse on the docs, and imploded the warehouse on top of it; but it survived, and repaired itself back at the old bastard's mansion, which was so booby-trapped no one could go near it, including the police, for the same paranoid reasons as why they could n't turn it off. An EMP had also been tried, hoping to fry the electrical component of the bat-thing, but the important logic in it had been protected by layers of armor and a Faraday cage, making it near-impossible to fry. 
 
 Now, I am 19, and a graduate student in computer science. My tiny class has excelled to the same heights, and we discovered something we think can kill it. By using the only link the bastard's compound had to the outside world - the Watson computer's connection to the law database - we found a bug that allowed us to send it a broken law file and make it execute the file as code. The old bastard Wayne had been smart, and made sure Watson was cordoned off from the bat-thing, so we could n't turn it off from there. But, we did get access to something incredibly powerful - the training simulations the old bastard had used, over and over again, to teach the bat-thing how to fight crime. 
 
 During our studies in artificial intelligence, we had learned about a concept called `` over-training.'' Basically, with certain learning programs, if you give it an input - say, a picture - and tell it what to do when it sees that input a couple of times, it'll pick up general details of that picture, such as the overall color, some shapes, etc., and then perform its action whenever it sees a similar picture that matches those patterns it learned. This is good for, say, when you're trying to train a computer program to recognize a train platform in pictures, so that an automated train can stop whenever it sees a platform. 
 
 The problem is, if you show the program the *same exact picture* too many times, it picks up on unimportant details too, and starts relying on them. So, a crack in the wall in your training picture could become something that triggers the `` stop'' action on the train, making it stop randomly throughout the tunnels; or, the type of clocks used on platforms get switched out, and the train happened to be using them as the way to recognize platforms, meaning it *doesn't* stop, and rams into the back of the train ahead of it. 
 
 ( continued in response comment )
