Bright. Too bright. Ow. Ow. Ow ow wow ow oowwwwwwwwww 
 
 Jesus why are my ears ringing so hard? 
 
 Hold on, run the typical checklist 
 
 Lights overbearingly bright? 
 
 Check. 
 
 Head pounding to the point of extreme agony? 
 
 Check. 
 
 Nausea? All around terrible feelings? 
 
 Despair? 
 
 Check. 
 
 Ok seems it ’ s only the usual ailment, I ’ m just wickedly hungover 
 
 Damn isn ’ t it like Tuesday though? 
 
 If I don ’ t quit hanging around Mark and his girlfriend I swear I ’ ll get cirrhosis of the liver. Those guys are downright alcoholics. 
 
 I ’ m just a drunk though, aren ’ t I? 
 
 I roll over and the sunlight pierces my corneas through my closed eyelids and I moan out in pain. 
 
 Where the fuck am I? Hell I usually make it home, or at least nearby. 
 
 Water. Got ta find water. Dehydration is hell in this heat. Even fish don ’ t drink like me. 
 
 These days anyway. 
 
 Not since the protests started. 
 
 Hell I ’ ve got to be drunk to get any sleep around here lately. 
 
 People acting a damn fool all day and night. 
 
 Won ’ t just go to work and do their job. 
 
 They ’ d rather wave their signs and shit than get anything done. 
 
 Not that I ’ m entirely against laziness, 
 
 But Fuck at least do it right and shut the fuck up and stay out of the way 
 
 That ’ s what lazy fucks are supposed to do 
 
 Keeps shit lined out right. 
 
 FUCKING CHRIST WHAT IS ALL THAT NOISE?? 
 
 Wait a second.. 
 
 Is that.. 
 
 Gunshots? 
 
 Opening my eyes against the blinding light I see that I ’ ve spent my slumbering hours in a small alley, wedged between too tall buildings, behind a dumpster, dirty but out of sight. 
 
 Not exactly a common resting place of mine, but I ’ m no stranger to these types of places either. 
 
 Yes that ’ s definitely gunshots. 
 
 But not like a shooting, not a mass murder or anything.. 
 
 No that ’ s a firefight 
 
 Here? 
 
 Hell this towns too petty even for gangs. 
 
 The cops had shit pretty locked down I thought, why aren ’ t they out there mowing down the shooters? 
 I stand up, albeit with a bit of difficulty, and stagger my way around the corner, to see the biggest surprise I ’ d encountered so far that year. 
 
 I mean yeah it was January first but still, the sight of a riot squad doing the back stepping rather than the protesters was quite a sight. 
 
 It didn ’ t mean they ’ d won anything, hell no. 
 
 But it meant there no longer need be that level of fear for them. 
 
 No, it was the government who would soon know the fear that would grow within them. 
 
 How does this effect us working stiffs though? I mean hell I ain ’ t got much issue with how things was. 
 
 I lean against the corner, watching the chaos unfold, and scratch my head as I ponder my place in this mess. 
 My head is bleeding. What the fuck. 
 
 I reach for my cell phone to call Mark, nothing would seem out of the ordinary here, him picking me up in the middle of a decent sized riot, bleeding from the head, in some random alley, but my phone is gone. 
 So is my wallet. 
 
 I quickly turn an about face and muster up all the power I could to get the fuck away from this insanity steadily growing behind my back. 
 
 I had to get home and watch the news quickly 
 
 I had to learn what was going on. 
 
 And besides, the viewing of our daily government aired programming was required was it not? 

