`` Siri, find directions to the nearest China Buffet.'' 
 
 *bing* `` here is the fastest route from your location to China Buffet,'' Siri responded in her usual forced politeness. I set my phone down on my thigh and strapped my seatbelt over my lap. Backing out of the driveway, I happily imagined all of the noodles and crab Rangoon I was about to stuff myself full with. 
 
 Gripping the steering wheel with one hand, I fiddled with the knobs on the dash until country music flooded into my truck. I tapped my fingers in time the beat and sang along with all of the impossible guitar solos. 
 
 Right in the middle of the music, Siri cut in. 
 
 `` In a quarter mile, turn left.'' 
 
 Craning my neck, I looked a little further up the road and saw the street I was supposed to turn onto. It looks like it cuts through a small neighborhood, and I did n't even think that any China Buffets were off of the main roads. However, my mind wandered back to how many steaming sweet buns I could fit in my mouth and I swallowed, my stomach growling. 
 
 As I turned into the residential area, I slowed down and coasted peacefully through the back roads. I noticed that it was more wooded and not many people were out and about. Of course, it was also kind of chilly outside, so it made sense to me that people would want to stay indoors. While still enjoying the scenery, Siri cut into my thoughts once again. 
 
 `` In one thousand feet, turn right.'' 
 
 I turned right. More directions followed, seemingly faster and faster and I could barely keep up. 
 
 `` In one half of a mile, continue forward through the intersection. In three quarters of a mile, turn left. In 680 feet, turn right at the round-about.'' 
 
 My tank was nearly empty now, I thought I must be at least close enough to a gas station to refill. Instead, I was only met by nothing but a rocky dirt road and the quiet whisperings of static as I was no longer in range of any radio station. 
 
 I was starting to worry, what in the hell were these crazy directions? Suddenly, Siri pipped up once more. 
 
 `` Speed up.'' 
 
 Speed up? But I was almost out of gas and there was n't a single sign of a gas station anywhere. As I continued to drive along, I felt myself gaining speed. Glancing at my speedometer, I saw the needle slowly rising, seventy... Eighty... Ninety... Breaking one hundred miles an hour, I began to freak out. I stomped on my breaks, but nothing happened, and my truck only sped along faster. 
 
 `` Siri, call 911!'' I shouted, grabbing my phone and wildly trying to unlock it. Siri gave me no response. As I frantically pressed in my unlock code, I looked up a split second before crashing headlong into a lake. 
 
 The impact blasted a hole in the windshield and blue-black water gushed in, dousing me and pooling at my feet. Pressing all of my weight against the driver's door, I tugged furiously at the handle, but I could n't get it open. 
 
 Slowly, as the water kept rising, my body felt more and more numb; the cab was filled to my waist and I was short of breath. Feeling weaker and colder by the second, I heaved one last time on the door, but still nothing gave way. 
 
 My phone, now soaking wet and apparently functionless was still gripped between my white fingers. The water, now up to my neck, left me little air to breathe as I began pounding on the window. Just as I felt the cold chill reach my earlobes and leak into my ears, I heard Siri speak in that irritatingly nice tone: 
 
 `` You have reached your destination.''
