I had always heard that the first kill was the hardest. But for me, I know it's going to be the last one. 
 
 My parents separated when I was young, my brother and I were both aware what was happening. They just didn ’ t love each other like they used to. They decided that it would be best for the both of us to stay together, and so my parents decided that we would move in with my father. He was a decent man, a self made millionaire. He worked at a 3D printing shop, until he had the idea to make 3D printed weapons. Turns out, a lot of people like having access to cheap killing tools. 
 
 Everyone had at least one 3D printed weapon. I got my first one on my 7th birthday, a pair of 3D printed nunchucks. My brother was a little more adventurous, and he had my father make him a customized bow and arrow. My brother had always taken to my fathers business more than myself, he loved the idea of creating newer, better weapons. 
 
 It wasn ’ t until 2047. I remember it like it was yesterday, president Farrow made the announcement at the UN. “ The greatest leaders of this world have come together, and we have unanimously agreed that there is a problem. ” Different world leaders sat in their chairs, hiding behind the name tags belonging to their countries. “ The earth is no longer a suitable place to live. It is time for us to find refuge on Kepler 963. ” 
 
 Kepler 963s was a planet that was discovered in the habitable zone just a few hundred thousand light years away. Most people thought reaching it wouldn ’ t be possible, but thanks to an inventor named Elon Musk, it was believed that we would actually be able to make it there. There would only be one opportunity to make it work, and the window for error was quite small. The space ship would have to launch earth with in a window of 3 minutes, but it was possible. 
 
 The leaders of the world were applauding president Farrow now. He used his arms to quiet their applause. “ Among each of us, we have decided whom should represent our countries on this new world, a world without borders. ” Again the room applauded, and this time Farrow let them drag it out. ” These individuals will help mold our new future, and the future of the entire species. ” President Farrow paused for a moment, looking at the small gathering in front of him. He smiled just before he spoke again, “ In addition, we have decided that a lottery should be held. ” 
 
 I remember my father turning up the television and leaning in close to hear his next words. “ One person will be selected for every day of the year, each pool will consist of contestants that were born on that day. Our planets will be aligned for the flight in just 17 years time.The drawing will take place one year before take off. Best of luck to you all. ” 
 
 President Farrow left the stage to applause, he must ’ ve been thinking that he ’ d just made a major mark on human history. However, that was the day he slowly started destroying it. 
 
 People at first were excited about the opportunity, that anyone, anywhere may get the chance to be among the chosen few. Then people started considering their odds, and well, they didn ’ t like their chances. It started off subtle, but people began to notice the birthrate declining at an alarming pace. Researchers learned that people decided to reproduce less to increase their odds. The population started declining less than a year later, but the odds for some still weren ’ t good enough. 
 
 Murders started happening everywhere, and pretty soon, your birthday was more secret than even your social security number. Gangs started popping up, a lot of them with exactly 365 members, one for each day of the year. This gave them an incentive to work together, as they slowly increased their odds one by one. Every day on the news you would here what the population for each day was, and every day you would know your odds. It wasn ’ t until very normal people became murdering maniacs, that the world became overly concerned. 
 
 Every country declared a state of emergency, and within 10 years you would ’ ve thought the zombie apocalypse happened. No one was walking the streets, there were abandoned cars covering the roads, and most cities were now in ruins. 
 
 I don ’ t blame my father, he had a tough decision to make, and I probably would have made the same one in his place. There wasn ’ t a place for both my brother and I on the Kepler shuttle, so he had to choose one. He didn ’ t have the heart to kill me himself, and so he left me. I woke up to the car driving away, seeing the face I ’ d grown to know as my own riding away with it. I like to imagine that he was sad watching his mirror image fade off in the distance, but I knew he secretly was proud that our father had chosen him. 
 
 So, I went into hiding, and 1 year out from the Kepler drawing, I wasn ’ t close to the boy who had been left behind that day. I ’ ve done things I never could ’ ve imagined, but it ’ s all been for this. When that drawing happens there will be only one name in that bowl, and it will be mine. 
 
 *The Others* were the people who had already been chosen for the mission, and some of them kept the news stations going. These days the only thing that aired, was a calendar, it showed each day and it ’ s population. Now, they only bothered to show four dates. The only one I cared about was mine. 
 
 *May 7th. Population - 2* 
 
 “ Yesterday it was three. ” I was speaking to myself at this point, but that wasn ’ t anything abnormal. The news anchor seemingly heard my question as she spoke to the camera, “ We can confirm an odd increase on May 7th and August 12th. Last night two male contestants were removed. Both were seemingly targeted by a gang using bow and arrow. We will bring you more updates as they come in. ” She signed off. 
 
 Leaning back in my chair I spoke softly to myself again, “ I always knew it would be you. ” I pulled my hat down over my head, and fell asleep.
