I've been sitting in this room for eight years. Just sitting. I have n't bathed, I have n't slept, I have n't had any human contact whatsoever. 
 
 The phone on the desk is haunting, teasing me, with it's useless keypad and it's cord that leads somewhere, anywhere. Nowhere. I have n't tried to yank the cord out of the wall, I do n't know if it's because I know nothing will happen or because I'm scared that something will. 
 
 The phone itself is black, the buttons on the keypad red and all of the numbers different colors. The chair I have been sitting on is blue, reminding me so much of one of the chairs I used to lean in and bend the backs and constantly stick gum on in school. The walls are a dull beige, my least favorite color ( is it anyone's favorite, really? ) and is more-than-slightly similar to oatmeal. 
 
 I feel as though I have gone insane, completely mad, just by sitting in the same room for years. I do n't remember there being a time before this, before I was locked in this awful, barely office-like, apple cinnamon smelling room, just the weird blurry window that only shows a beam light on the other side of the wall, allowing just enough light for me to see. 
 
 I do n't try to escape, I do n't bang on the walls and scratch at the plastic desk that is the same color as the third number on the phone. I do n't jab and poke and prod and pound the keypad on the phone, I do n't try to break the receiver in half. I know it will be useless, so I do n't waste my energy. 
 
 I once again look at the phone. It's still black. It seems that the numbers have changed different colors. I know that I am wrong, my mind trying to make up a mystery for me to solve, something for me to do. I know this because the third number is still the same color as the desk. 
 
 I've decided that I have nothing else to do, so I start putting different number combinations in like my name, random words like fish or help. 
 
 The phone rings. I do n't notice it at first, my head too preoccupied with the buttons to care. Before I press one that may decline the call ( although that is unlikely, as previously stated they do n't seem to work ), I snap out of it and pick up the phone. 
 
 `` Hi honey! It's mom, I'd just like to see how you were doing.'' 
 
 `` Mother?'' 
 
 At first, I could n't believe it. Then I was angry. 
 
 `` How dare you call me after eight years! I have been sitting here, going insane! Where am I!? Why ca n't I get out!? I contemplated very deep things in here! For heavens sake, I became a fucking poet just to have something to do! What is wrong with you!?'' 
 
 `` Sweetie, it's been eight hours. Your shift is almost over. If you hate your new job that much, why do n't you quit?'' 
 
 The door opened. 
 
 
 
 

