`` Good morning! Let me start with a joke – Why is Unicorn meat so popular? Because it ’ s rare. 
 
 Hey, I never said it was a good one! Just some abattoir humour, if you will. You should hear the zingers the guys in the Yeti department have. I don ’ t fault the staff for having a rather dark sense of humour. As they say, you either laugh or you cry. 
 
 In all seriousness, it ’ s not an easy job. Long shifts, mediocre pay, and it ’ s not exactly the kind of thing you boast about with your friends down at the bar. But we take all types here at Mythical Meat Co. Down-and-outers, career killers, and the usual psychos that a job like this would attract. Which one are you?! Please don ’ t answer that question, at least not until you sign the contract. 
 
 I see you ’ ve asked specifically for a position in the Unicorn section. Are you aware of what that job entails, as opposed to, say, the basilisk department? It definitely requires a bit more finesse, and the better pay scale reflects that. Nearly every damn part of the creature has a high market value, and as such, wastage is unacceptable. You ’ ll need to present and master a wide range of skills, from bleeding and gutting to skinning and dehorning. Why the look? You think you can just walk in here and hack at it with a cleaver? 
 
 I see here on your CV you ’ ve worked exclusively with mundane animals. You ’ ve got some great references too. Well let me tell you this is a whole different game. Yea sure, some of the skills transfer over. I started out like you, working pigs and cows. Got my first magical gig doing Dragons, going out to site and staying until the job was done. None of this farming and controlled slaughter we have now. The industry has come a long way, I can assure you of that. Anyways, Dragons are a lot easier to get to grips with, and teach you a lot about the produce. Your basics are all pretty much the same – hair, horn, tooth, claw, skin, blood, various organs etc. etc. The beauty of starting on a Dragon? If you spill a few gallons of blood, no-ones even going to notice. Well except for the poor farmer whose field it landed in – that shit seeps right on down, ruins the soil. 
 
 Drop even a half pint of unicorn of Uni blood and you ’ re out on your ass. You can check the component values yourself, but that stuff is going for a couple hundred grand a litre right now. That ’ s the price of immortality buddy, well, at least the temporary kind. You think these animals grow on trees? They ’ re a total bitch to find in the wild, and even then you got ta have a virgin on hand to help lure it in. And you should see them in captivity – they make panda ’ s look like sex crazed maniacs! We maybe do one or two a month, and so we need professionals. 
 
 If you do make it you ’ ll be working with Mort. Don ’ t let the friendly smile fool you – guy is totally dead inside. Two decades of murdering magnificent animals will do that to a man. But by god he ’ s the best ‘ corn cleaner I ’ ve ever met, possibly the best in the country. I ’ ve seen him do a whole stallion in less than twelve hours, from tail to tip of the horn. He ’ s like some sort of master, like an artist, and he makes bank like one too. If you ’ re with him I ’ d expect you to work your ass off and not get in his way. You could learn a lot from that guy. 
 
 As for the specifics… Well let me ask you, have you ever seen rainbow colored shit? Don ’ t laugh, it ’ s a serious question. Technicolor poop, I swear to god. Lots of strange things to get used to this side of the business. The blood is silver, kinda like mercury but more sparkly. As I mentioned that liquid is worth its weight and then some, so the animal has to be stunned and bled, real clean and neat. After that the slaughter will be done over a bin designed to catch any more of the stuff you missed the first time. The mane, beard and tail all need to be perfectly shorn. I see nothing on your resume about sheep, so that ’ ll be new ground for you. The fibre is really light and stains easily, so keep it away from the blood or it ’ s useless. Can ’ t believe people wear that stuff on their head. The thread and clothes I get, but wigs?! Fashion, I tell you, total mystery to me. 
 
 The pelt is, like the hair, hella ’ prone to staining. Mort has devised this ingenious method, where you punch two rows of rings through the flesh along the underside of the belly, then open it up right between them, all along the bottom of the torso. As you take the skin away from the flesh, real slow and careful, you winch it up on either side, till it almost looks like wings. Then you separate it around the spine and lift it up and away, without a spot on it. The meat is very tender, so you have to watch you don ’ t bruise and batter it. After that you can start getting a bit rough. Adamantine tipped saws do most of the hard cutting, really useful when it gets to the hooves. Tendons and ligaments come off too; apparently they ’ re used for bows of something. Don ’ t ask me, I only work here, am I right? 
 
 You okay there buddy? You ’ ve gone real quiet. So after the ribs have been removed you ’ ll have total access to the organs. They ’ re bigger than you ’ d expect, but just as slippery as anything else ’ s. Nothing much different going on in there. Oh, except for the hearts. But it ’ s pretty easy to tell which is primary and which is secondary – they just have to be sorted and labelled accordingly. That just leaves the head. The eyes and tongue come out pretty easy. The teeth can be tough, but you ’ ll have quality pliers. Can ’ t smash them out sadly, the bones themselves are too strong, and also worth a fair bit. As for the horn, well, that ’ s another piece of skill. Some people prefer to machine cut it, or even saw it halfway through then snap it off. But here we do things a little different, a little secret if you will. Have you ever heard of Jba Fofi? At least that ’ s how I think you pronounce it. It ’ s this huge spider creature from Africa, only recently got added to the Mythical Creature Registry. We managed to get a sample of its silk thread, and man oh man, that stuff cuts like piano wire! Wrap it around the base, wriggle it a bit and it slices right through, pops it straight off! 
 
 Don ’ t tell anyone about that by the way. Industry secret at the moment, we ’ re still waiting on patents and all that. Say, kid, are you sure you ’ re ok? You ’ ve gone real pale, you almost look like a ghost. I hope that ’ s not the case, as then I ’ d have to ask you to leave – we ’ re not licenced for paranomals here. Anyway thanks for your time, we ’ ll be in touch one way or the other. Help yourself to a coffee on the way out, you ’ re looking a little woozy. Say, could you be a star and let Barbara know to send in the next applicant? Have a great day now. 
 
 Hello there! Please take a seat. Is it ok if I start with a joke?'' 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

