I have done my duty for centuries, choosing the slain and carrying them on to the hallowed halls of Valhalla. Of Odin's virgin daughters I am the oldest, Hilda. My name is not this highlight of the heroic tale, but that of Judith Crane. 
 
 When the bifrost's color faded I found myself standing on battlefield the likes I had never seen. Through the centuries I have born witness to tragedy and slaughter, nothing I had ever seen brought as much fury to bear. 
 
 These were children, no older than eight, just beginning to drink from the cup of life. At this age a child's battle is won by reaching the top of the hill first or by placing a ball in a goal. The only blood which should be shed by innocents as these it that from a skinned knee. 
 
 Those who have witnessed the Aesir in battle know of terrible weapons from Odin's spear Gungnir which has never missed its mark or Thor's hammer Mjolnir which channels the power of a dying star. The weapons of man have surpassed that of the Aesir, not for craftmenship or beauty, but sheer effectiveness and ease of use. 
 
 Battle settled disputes in the Norse homelands many times, but seldom was a life claimed over something petty. I stood looking over the carnage, chilled colder than the depths of Niflheim. I knew who I was here to carry on to Valhalla. I gazed back to witness the events as they happened. Madness. Madness pure and simple, that was all I could see. The warriors are to protect the children, not slay them, but this is not what happened. 
 
 The unnamed, my his visage be lost to time, had turned his weapon on the young for reasons I care not to comprehend. I choose to bear witness to the act of valor, brought forth by Judith Crane, offspring of William and Melinda Crane, who in an act of selfless courage and bravery, struck true in the unnamed's femoral artery with a pair of scissors. 
 
 Judith Crane ride with me on wings of light and tears of joy, forth to Valhalla. Odin wishes to gaze upon your youthful courage and bless this world with more that share it. 

