`` SHIT HIT THE FAN.'' 
 
 Jackeline is no ordinary person. Neither is she any ordinary superherowoman. Anything she says becomes true. That's right. Her words become fact. Surrounded by an audience, as Jackeline mutters these words, the stadium is in pandemonium, half of them screams of excitement, the other half screams of... let's just say they were n't amused. 
 
 From the front of the audience, a large blonde man starts to levitate. The man is around his 40s, is one of the richest men in America, and is wearing a clean blue suit. On top of him, a fan is mounted on the ceiling. As he screams in horror, he starts moving inch by inch, head first into the spinning fan. Indeed, this man is the biggest piece of shit in the audience. This man is Donald Trump. 
 
 `` Fucking Mexican!'' he screams out loud. 
 
 This phrase solidified his shittiness. Not only was it racist, but it was untrue. Jackeline was asian. The fan hit Donald Trump; Jackeline was in trouble. 
 
 As the audience around her flooded out the stadium, police and SWAT teams descended around her. She was cuffed, caught, and sentenced. After a day of interrogation, she had to make up for her crime: 
 
 In order to make it up for the Republicans, Jackeline was commissioned to do a new job. She was to be Fox's new horoscope reader. Reporting on everyone's imagined fates through the new channel's TelePrompTer. 
 
 On her first day of the job, she starts reading: 
 
 `` Good Morning everyone!! Today is July 23, 2016, and we're reading the horoscope of Aries'' 
 
 `` For all you Aries people out there, this is your horoscope: You are forming a new philosophy about your day to day life right now. It's no longer about doing your day to day thing -- it's about being more grounded and making the right, practical decisions in terms of your future'' 
 
 `` What the fuck does that even mean'' thought Jackeline. 
 
 Indeed, nothing about the world changed. The horoscope was so vague that it was barely a prediction. As Jackeline read every other line in the news, the world was relieved: Donald Trump might be shit, but Horoscopes are the biggest shits in the world. 
 
: )
