*Last time I saw something like `` you know what this phrase means,'' I was horribly wrong and ended up being way off topic. No, I do n't know what safe you mean. Does n't mean I wo n't write something. * 
 
 -- -- - 
 
 These old houses were filled with secrets. That's what got me into this salvage business. My partner, Sara, scouted the places and I financed them. The 20's were good for the line of work. Bootleggers built hidden compartments to hide bottles of their latest. Later owners found some of them, but many were left untouched. 
 
 Our latest house was one Sara said we just had to buy. It had been in the news many years ago. The family had gone crazy or something, claiming they heard voices. One day, they packed up and left. The wife's body was recovered two states over. The father and kids were never found. The house was haunted according to the internet. I know that there's no such things as ghosts, so all that meant was a nice little discount. 
 
 From day one, it was a home that kept on giving. The attic had all sorts of knick knacks boxed up including some jewelry. Then we started hunting for the hidden treasures. We pulled a plastic dinosaur out of a hatch by the small bedroom. The raptor did n't have feathers, so we knew it must have been old. 
 
 If you knew what to look for, things like an uneven door jamb, a seam in moulding, and sections of wall that served no obvious purpose, they were easy enough to find. The frame by the cellar housed a bottle filled with something undoubtedly alcoholic. The glass was caked in black muck with no sign of a label. Neither of us were interested in cracking it open; adventure only goes so far. That bottle was history. 
 
 While that period booze was off limits, our curiosity was too much when the loose sheet of drywall in the study proved to be concealing a large metal box, a safe, roughly six feet tall complete with the steering wheel handle and combination dial. Like the booze, there were signs of age. Rust dotted patches of the surface. 
 
 It's almost scary how effecient Craigslist can be. Neither my partner or I knew a damned thing about safes, let alone how to open one. But with a picture of the door, we had half a dozen guys claiming they could get it open. One of the guys we had used before on another job; he was amenable to doing the job and leaving without questions. There were lower bids, but discretion was worth the extra cash. 
 
 And he earned his keep. He brought some tools to break the hinges, but the old lock was easy enough for him to crack by hand. When the door swung open just enough to assure its unlocked state, Sara's eagerness was front and center as she urged me to see the guy out. This was the first safe I had seen, so my excitement matched hers. Without regard for what the locksmith might see, I pulled open the door, oblivious to my partner's objections. 
 
 The interior of the door caught my attention first. As the long, chaotic scratches were unnerving, but the sensation was broken by the smell of rot. It was n't unheard of for people to dump their trash and waste and forget about it. This stench was almost as awful. There was a pile of fabric reaching halfway up. with some papers sticking out from underneath. I pulled the top garmet, a small shirt with a Superman logo. But one sleeve was stuck. As I tugged, the tiny fingers hidden under the clothes poked through. 
 
 Before I could express my horror, my ears burst as the gun discharged. The locksmith fell to the ground, motionless. Sara turned the gun to me. 
 
 `` Thanks for finding my brother. I really have missed him all these years.'' 
 
 `` Brother?'' it still was n't registering. `` Who are you?'' 
 
 `` Just a ghost, according to some.'' 
 
 How could she wear that grin? She just shot a man dead. 
 
 `` You killed that child in the safe?'' 
 
 `` Liam? That was an accident, honest. Silly me, I forgot the combination.'' 
 
 She chuckled as if she had cracked a joke. 
 
 `` So then, is this what it's all been about? Finding him? Well you found him? Is n't that enough?!'' 
 
 `` tsk tsk tsk. Indoor voices.'' She wiggled the gun around for emphasis. `` Yes, I forgot which house was ours. Do n't get me wrong, Evan. It's been a real hoot playing house with you these last few years, but you know what they say: family first.'' 
 
 The bullet ripped through the base of my shoulder before I even saw a shot. I collapsed. 
 
 As Sara dragged me into the safe, now free of the child's body and freshly loaded with that of a locksmith, she continued making conversation. My slipping consciousness made it a one-sided affair. 
 
 `` My parents were worried sick about him just after, so I had to cover my tracks. Whispers in the vents were all it took to get them talking ghosts. They panicked and fled before bothering with the police. Mother got suspicious, but that was easily taken care of on the road.'' 
 
 Delirious, I was only just aware that I was sitting on a corpse with the light fading as the safe door started to close. 
 
 `` Sweet dreams,'' Sara cooed. 
 
 With the little energy I had left, I pulled free the dinosaur figurine from my pocket, but it fell. The light became a crack, growing smaller and smaller. Then it stopped shrinking. 
 
 `` What the-'' 
 
 The door opened slightly to help free the toy whose head prevented the door from closing fully. The plan was to bolt, but I was too weary. All I could muster was falling forwards. I could hear the heavy door hit Sara in the head. On the hardwood floor, I saw her unconscious body sprawled by her brother's. Crawling over, inching forwards with my good arm, I fished through her pockets for her phone, dialed 9-1-1, and passed out.
