Sandra's day had been just as typical as ever. She walked down Michigan Ave. putting her night in order, *I have to go over the two manuscripts for Jane and James for the meeting tomorrow morning, and finally finish season four of Game of Thrones. * Going over the two manuscripts would most likely end up taking up her entire night, but her father worked so hard to get her this position, and it was finally starting to pay off. She was able to move out of her studio apartment, and move on to Rush Street, that's where all the action was! After six years of being an intern, she was finally an associate! Who knew she'd make it... 
 
 Firetrucks went past her, one, two, three, five, ten, twenty-three. What was happening? There's a fire? Voices all around her `` It's burning the Hancock!'' `` Biggest fire ever!'' `` Repent your sins! The time has come'' `` -blazing inferno!'' *Ok, nothing to worry about, just a fire-* Sandra could n't even hear herself think, she ran out of the chaos into this Asian tea shop and sat down. The cashier did n't even notice her walk in, her eyes were glued to the 10 inch television behind the counter, on the screen `` BREAKING NEWS'' flashed and a woman was speaking `` Baffling fire-fighters and citizens of Chicago, the fire will not go out. The fire appears to not be spreading, what we're dealing with here is n't any ordinary fire!'' The news cut away to a live view of the Hancock, the building was completely engulfed with flames of all colors, orange, pink, blue, but the news anchor was right, it was not spreading to any other building, or even producing smoke. At the base of the building water was being shot out but that made no difference. All of a sudden, between the two lightning rods a face appeared. `` Humans, I am the element of fire, the ruler of flames, here to make a return. My brothers and sister Earth, Water, and Air will be arriving shortly, life as you know it will never be the same.'' 
 
 In shock, Sandra thought to herself *Looks like James and Jane wo n't be getting their manuscripts looked over tonight... *
