I hung up the phone and wondered whether Carl in accounting was up to his pranks again. Last year on my birthday, he'd covered my entire office in bubble wrap. The guy even bubble wrapped my phone and then called me. Yea, he got me. 
 
 The man on the phone did n't sound like anyone I knew, but I did n't know all of his friends. So I decided to ignore the weird phone call and forget it ever happened. Janice from payroll walked by and I recalled that one evening after too much to drink and before I got the corner office. I tried not to watch her walk down the aisle toward the copy machine, but then again, I am a man and she's a woman. What a woman too! 
 
 Alice, my secretary waved her hand in front of my face, catching me in mid stare. 
 
 `` Earth to Bob! There's a delivery out on the loading dock for you.'' 
 
 `` Have one of the guys sign for it,'' I said, annoyed at the interruption. 
 
 `` I'm sorry, but they insist that you sign for it in person. They were very insistent,'' she replied. 
 
 I took my feet down off my desk and stood up and stretched. 
 
 `` I'll be right back,'' I told nobody in particular, since Alice had already returned to her desk. 
 
 I walked the fifty yards down the long aisle that ran the length of the building, opening onto a steel fire door that led to the warehouse. As I pushed the door open, my arm still felt sore from yesterday's blood drive. Larry the supply manager waved at me through the windows of his booth, and I could hear his television blaring something about an airline crash somewhere in Virginia. Unless it landed on our building or my home, I did n't want to know until I had at least a whisky under my belt. 
 
 Two of the stock workers passed me on the floor of the warehouse with worried looks on their faces. 
 
 `` Creo que es la policía. Esos pendejos en trajes son agresivos,'' said Hermano. 
 
 `` Si!'' replied Carlos, a big guy with a scar across his lip from what I suspect was a knife fight. 
 
 The gate was down, so I went to the outside door to the right of it and pulled it open. Just outside two men in black suits stepped forward and threw a bag over my head, before I could dart back inside. I did n't have a chance to escape when one of the men cuffed me, nearly cutting the circulation off in my hands. It all happened so fast. A few seconds later I was thrown into the back of a van. They were driving fast, and I heard horns blare as my abductors raced from the scene. Several tense minutes later I heard the distinct sound of a helicopter rotor in the distance. It grew in volume, until the sliding door on the van was thrown open, and the men yanked me out, dragged my across what felt like a lawn and threw me roughly onto the floor of what I assumed was the chopper. 
 
 I smelled his cologne before I saw him. When they removed the bag from my head, I saw a smiling oily official in an Italian suit looking down upon me, like the cat that ate the canary. 
 
 `` You are doing your country a great service.'' 
 
 He then spoke into the headset he wore and said, `` Pilot, get us to Bethesda, Maryland ASAP!'' 
 
 Then we were in the air. 
 
 As we cruised above the Virginia countryside I wondered why they were taking me to a hospital, but then I remembered something on the radio about Air Force One and the president. 
 
 `` You should feel honored that your heart and liver are a perfect match, Mister Woods. You should feel honored indeed,'' said the oily man, who then nodded to the men behind me. 
 
 I felt a prick in my arm as one of the black suited men bent over me.
