( ( Possible trigger warning for sexual abuse. Not graphic, just mentioned ) ) 
 
 It started off normal, for every 10 births there was 10 deaths, it was life. It was normal. 
 
 However, a fifteen years ago, a woman was having a son, her husband in the room. And as soon as her son was born she looked right at her husband and said, `` I hope you die.'' Now, it's still not known whether or not the phrase was said in vain. But right when that baby started screaming her husband dropped dead. 
 
 Doctors were stunned, and could n't revive him. They thought maybe the woman had poisoned him, but when they found out she had n't, they started doing tests. 
 
 The woman in one group, other `` control'' subjects in the next. 
 
 The original woman was inseminated again, and the control women were already all pregnant. 
 
 On the day they had children, the original woman had another son, and she looked at the head scientist, who had taken her away from her first son and said `` It'll be you.'' 
 
 Same story as the husband, as soon as the baby cried he dropped dead. 
 
 The control women were different, one who had been raped was told to think of the person she hated the very most, the second was told to think of someone they loved but did not want dead and to say something along the lines of the original woman. 
 
 When their dates came, the second woman had a daughter, and her mother was in the room and she said straight to her mothers face, `` Exchanged for you.'' And nothing happened. 
 
 The other woman, her baby was born a week late, thought of her rapist who was in the next room over, when her son was born. And just like before he dropped dead. 
 
 More expirments were done, are still being done today, but it was decided that babies are a life for a life, and you must genuinely hate the person you want dead, or the `` curse'' will pick of someone random close by. 
 
 
 They never checked on the control group though, and I've noticed something strange. My son, the one I love so much, is starting to look and act exactly like his father. I do n't know if it's a coincidence, I do n't think it is, and I'm locking the doors at night, and talking to any girls her brings home. I've also thought about taking him back to the scientists. 
 
 Because I've noticed that he is the exact replica of the man I'murdered', my rapist. 
 

