Jeffery awoke to the afternoon light streaming in through the window. Another boring summer day, wasted on sleep. One more day to veg out, play games, eat junk food, and maybe get lucky at stealing another beer. Dad had n't notice yet, but when he did, there'd be hell to pay. 
 
 Jeffery rolled over and looked around. Hawkstein Newtyson was at his usual place at the window, contemplating the world, this time with a frown. He always looked a little odd. His features were an amalgamation of the four scientists he was named after, Hawking, Einstein, Newton, and NDT. An'amalgamation' was a mixture of many things into one. Mrs. Aberthen did n't think Jeffery was paying attention during class. 
 
 `` I do not usually wish to demean educators, but I must truly say that I despised her class all last year.'' Hawkstein had the smooth voice of Dr. Tyson, but spoke in a manner Jeffery imagined Newton used. `` I certainly hope Junior English will be much more fascinating.'' 
 
 `` Do n't count on it.'' Jeffery sat up a rubbed his eyes. He saw breakfast - a half eaten bag of Doritos - on the dresser across the room. He groaned, because going to get it meant having to walk, and that's not something a teenager should be required to do first thing when they wake up. 
 
 `` Allow me.'' Hawkstein snatched the bag and tossed it on the bed next to Jeffery. 
 
 Jeffery began snacking. He was grateful for a friend like Hawkstein. The physicist had come to him at a dark moment some five years ago. The bullies were almost finished sprinting through puberty. Jeffery was still wondering if puberty was ever going to come. Add in the fact that home life was no better than today, and it was the perfect opportunity for an imaginary friend to pop into his life. Science was his 
 hobby, so naturally, it ended up like Hawkstein... 
 
 Jeffery was suddenly aware that Hawkstein was staring at him, mouth agape. 
 
 `` What?'' Jeffery popped another fistful. 
 
 Hawkstein closed and opened his mouth a few times. 
 
 `` Hey, Hawk, what's gotten into you?'' 
 
 Finally, Hawkstein spoke, `` Is... is that a... real bag of chips?'' 
 
 `` Yeah, what's your...'' Jeffery stopped. Suddenly, everything clicked. There, on the bed next to him, was the half full bag of Doritos. In his hands was an imaginary one. This was evidenced by the fact that it's was full, despite Jeffery's attempts. Stunned, Jeffery slowly reached over and reached out for the real bag. His hand passed through it. Wide eyed he looked at Hawkstein. Slowly, his friend made his way across the room, and picked up the bag. He withdrew a single chip, and crunched down. Closing his eyes, a smile spread across his face as he savored the flavor. He turned to Jeffery and staring straight at him, he uttered, `` It worked.'' 
 
 To be continued...
