What drives a being to anarchy? What in their lives causes them to see the very order that protects and guides them as something terrible and worthy of destruction? Those were the thoughts that troubled Senior Commander Blaze Veron as he stood on the deck of the *Vigil*-class corvette *Antagonizer. * The 255 meter long ship was built in the iconic dagger profile common to the Galactic Empire's powerful Star Destroyers, its pale grey hull blending in with the similar colored armor of its larger brethren. 
 
 The command deck sat flush with the hull directly above the massive banks of ion engines and provided greater protection than the more exposed towers on other Star Destroyers in battle. Six light turbolasers sat in a trio of turrets on the upper works of the corvette, their long tapered barrels deadly silent. Another half dozen heavy laser cannons were also placed on the dorsal surface, their greater rate of fire making up for the comparatively weaker damage output whilst a series of tractor beam emitters stood ready at the bow to ensnare any enemy ship that dared veer too close. 
 
 The *Antagonizer* carried within its hull over two hundred men and women and in emergencies carry twice that amount. From his position just behind the conn, he stared out at the Rebel fleet arrayed before him. Even from this distance he could see the smooth, aquatic features of the Mon Calamari cruiser that anchored their battle line. A few former Imperial *Nebulon-B* frigates flew in the shadow of their larger sister ship, testimony to the deviousness and underhanded tactics the Rebels used to fill their fleets. Whether they were stolen, salvaged or else handed over by mutinous crews the frigates had come to be a boon to the nascent Rebel Alliance, and a perpetual thorn in the side of Imperial officers like Veron. Other ships could be seen from the scanners, gunships and corvettes and the like. Veron paid close attention to them above all else; they were his likely opponents in the coming fleet action, an intimate dual whilst the titans slugged it out around them. 
 
 Lieutenant Gailia Hornigold stood some paces away looking over the engineers report on the deflector shields. Her blonde hair was drawn back into the serious braid just short enough to be within regulations, the four red and blue squares on her left breast denoting her rank. As first officer she preformed her duties brilliantly and Captain Veron noted it as such in his reports, but something about her was... off. Veron chalked it down to subtle feelings for her as so banished them from thought. It was best not to go down that path. 
 
 His second officer and astronavigator Lieutenant Jacen Thurlo stood towards the back of the command deck with very little to do. Unless their forces had to flee into hyperspace, which was unlikely, his tasks on board were rather limited. Veron therefor assigned him as a `` morale officer'' during combat, his only goal to appear calm and cool in even the worst attack. The captain and XO had to snap orders at any moment and the gunnery officer's attention was fixed on his gunners, the pilots and communication enlisted therefore needed someone they could glance at and know there was nothing to be afraid of. 
 
 The chief engineer was not on the command deck, nor would he be. Commander Elan Anson was practically mated to his engines, fussing over them like a mother bird over her chicks. But he was good at what he did, and Veron tolerated any eccentricities from his CE. 
 
 The third officer and the ship's gunnery officer was Lieutenant Kalvon Mer, a rather young looking man from Eriadu. Graduated from the top of his class, the quiet spoken officer was practically a shadow presence-wise. He hardly said a word unless spoken to and during officer's mess tended to remain in the background. Veron regarded him with a slight bit of pity. It must have been difficult growing up if he was always like that but then Mer was a born gunnery officer. In the heat of battle any shyness evaporated and was replaced by a decisiveness unmatched. More than once he gently push aside a gunner to make a shot himself, the blast knocking out shield generators or else the tractor beam capturing the fleeing smuggler. A raised voice from the comm reader recaptured his attention. 
 
 `` Captain Veron, sir. Admiral Gesiks of the *Vanguard* has order the fleet to deploy. We are to form up on the *Reaper* and screen its advance.'' 
 
 Captain Veron nodded and smiled grimly at the enemy fleet ahead of them. 
 
 `` Very good, tell him the message is received. Sound the alarm, prepare for battle.''
