I'm not gon na lie, my initial reaction was something to the tune of'not those fucking kids again!' 
 
 I lived along a very straight, remote road out in the sticks. The perfect place for young hotheads to push the limits on their cars. It would n't be the first time there was an accident, and I'm sure it would n't be the last. The accident itself was pretty straight-forward. I was sitting, watching TV and sipping on a beer, loud engines were roaring in the distance, getting louder, until there was the screeching of tires and the sound of metal shrieking as it was twisted and turned in ways it was n't meant to. This was shortly followed by the power going out. Damn kids must've wrapped it around a power pole. 
 
 I picked up the phone and called the police, but received only a dead dial tone. Must've gotten the phone line too, bastard kids. I rummaged through the room, searching for a flashlight. A gunshot rang through the air. That was n't something I was expecting. I gave up searching for a torch, grabbed my rifle and headed outside. 
 
 Scurrying across my yard, I approached the crash site. I took cover behind a large tree and peered out. A large white van was wrapped around a tree, with an unfamiliar logo emblazoned on the side. It was illuminated from the headlights of a black SUV. 
 
 Five people were lined up on their knees against the van, facing the headlights. A sixth body lay on the ground, motionless. Surrounding them were four heavily armed troopers. Two of the troopers were seemingly interrogating the civilians, whilst the other two were stationed around the cars, peering into the darkness. 
 
 I gripped my rifle tightly, unsure as to what the hell was happening. The armoured troopers did n't have any identifying insignias on there outfits. One of the troopers quickly raised his weapon and shot a second civilian. I yelled out instinctively. Shit. A barrage of gunfire was launched at the tree I was hiding behind. I popped out and fired at the closest gunman, catching him in the chest. I doubt my.22 would've done any damage, but it knocked him down. Automatic fire came back, sending chunks of wood flying. I started popping shots off, but I knew I would soon be flanked. As I expected, two soldiers came at me from both sides, whilst the third laid down suppressing fire. 
 
 Out of ammo, I threw my rifle and raised my hands. One of the soldiers approached slowly whilst the other trained his weapon on me carefully. I was thrown to the ground and felt a knee in my back. From where I lay, I could see the civilians. They got up and grabbed the gun from the soldier I'd shot. The one with the gun shot the soldier hanging near the car as they climbed into the SUV. 
 
 The car took off as the troopers shot at it. The trooper closest to me screamed in rage whilst another started talking into his radio. He glanced at me, spoke some more, then looked at the soldier standing behind me and nodded. I heard a pistol being drawn from a holster, then felt it placed against the back of my head. I was n't sure what happened, but I'm pretty sure I helped some good people from some bad people. 
 
 I think. 
 
 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 
 
 If you enjoyed this, feel free to check out my other works at r/MoxdogTheWriter! 
 
 And cheers to OP for the great prompt: )
