''Alright boys'' Tommy Saxon lit up up his fag and took his first long, slow draw. Cigs do n't come cheap, not after 2027 anyways. 
 
 Accompanying him were his inner circle, the three brothers. John, Jack and James. John was the brains, Jack was the muscle and James was the accidental one. 
 
''This should be quick, clean and easy. The cargo is hot but the buyer is paying top money. Be careful handling the merchandise, the chips in particular. They *really* stressed on the chips'' 
 
''Tommy you do n't really expect them to pay, do you?'' John's pessimism was also duly noted, but to his credit he tended to be on point. 
 
''I do n't, but that's why we brought Jack, Johnny. We've got a few men stationed around the corners and surrounding alley ways should things get hot'' 
 
 The meeting point was typical. Dark narrow alley way, a plasma bulb flickering in an out, a bit of illumination in interim. 
 
''Tommy! Tommy! Tommy! how good to see you!'' 
 
 That thick southern American accent was unmistakable. Billy Kane was the biggest crime lord this side of the states, operating out of Texas. His influence stretched far beyond his home turf, far enough to commandeer the services of a bunch of British boys operating out of Neo London. 
 
''Billy'' Tommy maintained his stoicism, although one must admit that being face to face with such an infamous presence is unnerving. 
 
''I heard you boys are slowly taking control of London. Good on ya, it helps to have one of the most sought after men in the world'' 
 
 He was of course referring to Kim. A 23 hundred thousand bounty for the man who brings in the last known chef to work at McDonalds. 
 
''But enough of that, you got the merchandise?'' 
 Saxon signaled with his fingers. A bag, dripping with oil from the bottom. 
 
 Billy was filled with anticipation. He pushed his protection aside, walking up personally to grab the bag. His fat sweaty hands shook as he brought it close to his nose, inhaling the scent. 
 
''*Oh my god*, this is it!'' 
 
 His hands dug deep into the bag, pulling out a handful of fries as he gobbled them down like a mad animal. 
 
''Brings memories of a better time. *Far better time*'' 
 
 The patience of the london boys was wearing thin. 
 
''That's nice and all, but payment?'' John was a man of small stature, but even in the face of a notorious crime lord he maintained his coolness and level head. 
 
''Oh yeah here, just take it'' a body guard throw a case at their feet. Jack counted the money, the right amount. 
 
 *That went rather well* thought Saxon..... 
 
''TOM! THE BLOODY COPS ARE HERE! RUN!'' 
 
 **'' SHIT'' ** 
 
 A quick getaway awaited the Brits but the yankies were met with no such luck, in Billy's excitement he forgot to lock down the district. The cops had just apprehended Billy Kane.... 
 
''We're fucked, you know that right?'' were the first words to roll off of James's tongue as everyone say bewildered in the car. 
 
''He's right. We're going to take the fall for his arrest'' 
 
 Saxon could only sigh. 
 
''One step at a time lads, one step at a time''
