`` Jordan, come on.'' 
 
 `` No man, my mom wo n't let me leave the house when she's at the store, she would kill me if she got back and I was gone!'' 
 
 `` Oh my God, do n't be such a girl,'' 
 
 `` I'm not a girl!'' 
 
 `` Yeah that's why you're not coming out to the forest with us? Come on, Henry just got his new nerf guns and we were going to shoot each other, and we ca n't keep doing it in the backyard, that's so boring! It's not like my mom cares.'' 
 
 `` Yeah, well you have a cool mom though.'' 
 
 `` Whatever, we'll be in the forest, and if you want to stay friends you'll be out there too!'' 
 
 Alex seemed serious this time. He has no idea how badly I want to go; I mean, Henry just got some of the coolest nerf guns that I ever saw for his birthday, like they can shoot like an entire round of bullets in like two seconds! I just know my mom will chew me out if I go, and she's already been at the store for an hour, so I know she'll be home soon. The frustrating thing is that I've already got the cleaning done so it's not like I'm even doing anything right now. God this is so stupid. 
 
 Twenty minutes have gone by now and she's still not home. Ok I have an idea. I'm gon na go up to my room real quick here, and turn the music on. Umm, how about a little louder? There we go, and we'll just close the door here, and there! Now she'll think that I'm upstairs taking a nap! All right let's get out of here. So I rush through the back door, and make my way to the alley. The forest is only a few blocks away, and I know a perfect route that will let me get there without being seen. Normally, you have to walk on the sidewalk, take a right onto Citadel Avenue and then keep following that and we'll be there, but there's too much of a risk to get seen, so what I'm gon na do is take this back alley, and right when I get to Citadel, I'm gon na take a right, then I'm gon na slip down into the storm drain. Once I'm in the storm drain, I can just go ahead and make my way to the end of the street underground and I'll be golden. 
 
 So as I make my way through the alley, I be careful to make sure none of the neighbors see me, so I try to hide behind each trash can, check to see if there's a car coming on Citadel, and when the coast is clear I move. There's a couple of cars that drive past, but none of them are my mom or my brother so I'm in the clear so far. I make it all the way to the storm drain, but my heart skips a beat when I see that old white beater pick-up about half a mile down the road which belongs to none other than my mother. 
 
 `` Oh shit!'' 
 
 I panicked. I should've gone home that instant and tried to play it off like I was just playing in the backyard and then ask her if I could go. But like an idiot, I tried to squeeze my way into the storm drain. 
 
 As her car was rapidly approaching, I was on the verge of tears praying that I could squeeze in there. Then just as she was at the distance where she could perfectly see that the idiot trying to crawl his way into the storm drain was me, I finally slid right through and got into the tunnel underneath! My ribs had rubbed up on the curb above me when I slid through so they hurt a lot, but normally it took me a while to get through, but doing that on the first try was almost a miracle! I was in the clear at this point, there's no way she saw me, she was probably too busy looking at her phone. 
 
 So now I made my way through the rancid storm drain. As I was stepping through all the crap and gunk on the floor, I was thinking to myself how nice it would be if I could actually do whatever I wanted without having to worry about my mom being on my back all the time. When I got to like 20 years old, I was going to do whatever I wanted. That's when my life's really gon na begin, I just got ta make it through these next ten years first. 
 
 After talking to myself a bit, I realized I was coming up on Ol' Rusty again. When Henry and Alex and I were all down here playing German spies one day, we came across Ol' Rusty and it was the scariest thing I ever saw at the time. It was a dead body that someone stuck down in this tunnel in the storm drain, but no one ever bothered to look for him, so he just stayed down there. It had been two years since that day and Oh hey look, here he is still! At this point the skin has rotten to the point that you can see most of his bones sticking out, and the little bit of skin that's left looks all mushy and soggy. The clothes do n't have much left to them either. His arm had long been washed away, but that was n't the rain or anything natural that did that to him. I remember one day Alex dared me to wear the jacket, so since I had to show him I was n't a girl, I took the jacket off and wrapped around myself. It was the grossest thing I had ever done, and I'm pretty sure that's what caused me to be sick for the next week and a half, but my mom said that it was some sort of flu. Anyways, when I tried to put it back on him, I pulled a little too hard on his arm trying to stuff it back in the sleeve and I actually ripped it off. Alex and Henry called me an idiot, and I tried to put it back on, but like everything else I touched, I ruined it. 
 
 Author's Note: Ok so I'm just trying to do a deal with myself where I only type for an hour a day, so I do n't overwhelm myself, and as much as I would love to develop the backstory of Jordan here, It's been 45 minutes at this point already and I have n't even gotten to the part where he made his wish. So I'm gon na have to ditch the part where he laughs at Ol' Rusty for dying and him thinking that he's going to be much better than Rusty, him thinking about just how useless the cops are and how the only time he's ever seen a cop was when they were at school talking about how awesome they were, and skip a memory of his mother abusing him { emphasizing his thoughts on the cops not being there } 
 Also I'm gon na have to skip the nerf gun fight in the woods. 
 
 So let's skip to where they fall through a weak part in the woods floor { there had been a big storm the day before that weakened it that I would've loved to write about } and after exploring the tunnels below a bit, they find the well. 
 
 `` Holy crap! Is that what I think it is?'' 
 
 `` What the heck is a well doing down here?'' 
 
 While Henry and Alex were stuck in awe, I actually approached it and there was an inscription on it. 
 
 `` Hey guys, there's something written here!'' 
 
 `` Move over Jordan, let me read that. It says `` Here lays my last hope for humanity. The Wishing Well. I have blessed it with my magic and whoever finds it will have their deepest and truest desires granted. If there is evil in their heart when they, okay this is just stupid.'' 
 
 `` Alex keep reading it!'' 
 
 `` Shut up Henry, it just says if you're evil then humanity will wither away. Like what's that even supposed to mean?'' 
 
 `` I think it means the world will end'' 
 
 `` Shut up Jordan no one asked ya.'' 
 
 `` Wait dude, let me see that. Wait a minute, was n't there something in social studies where we went over this thing.'' 
 
 `` You mean the Wishing Well of Alnthion?'' 
 
 `` Yeah Jordan, that Alnthion thingy. Apparently their was a knight who made a wish that he would have the strongest army in that ever existed,'' 
 
 `` Oh dude you mean Tyrus the Tyrant? That dude was awesome, he like killed 10,000 people!'' 
 
 `` YEAH! Sir Tyrus! Apparently he was the dude that made a wish that he had the strongest army that ever existed, and like ten years later he went to war and conquered all of Europe!'' 
 
 
 Alright so I only have like two minutes, so I'm gon na have to wrap it up. I'm sorry for only giving myself an hour, but if I had the ability to finish it, then it would be Alex would wish for what Sir Tyrus wished for and would wish to be the most dominant ruler of the world that ever lived, Henry would wish to be the greatest football quarterback of all time { even better than their hero Champ Currethers } like any normal 10 year old would, but then Jordan, seeing as he would expect his life to be incredible once he could start living for himself, says he'll make the best wish of all and wish for immortality. For once, the gang finally agrees with him and wishes they had thought of that. 
 
 But then the rest of the story would show how miserable Jordan's life is, and how it would just continue to become more miserable. Henry would slowly get extremely better and better at football and he gets recruited by the major football schools { Texas, Notre Dame, Oregon, Alabama, etc. } and Alex would slowly become a militaristic mastermind. 
 
 However, near the middle of the story, we'd see Jordan at age 20 lose all hope in life. He's at a point where he failed out of college, has seen everyone around him have a romantic relationship when he has n't even so much as hugged a girl, in fact he does n't have a social relationship with anyone really as the last time he had hung out with anyone was when he was forced to go to a food banquet with the football team, and it's looking like he'll never accomplish his dreams. 
 
 So he decides to commit suicide which just so happens to be the anniversary that he made his wish. And right as he jumps off of the building and the instant he lands, that's when his wish activates and allows him to survive the fall. So he continues to live, which is the last thing in the world that Jordan wanted to do. 
 
 The story would then continue as a redemption story for him, because at this point, Alex got his wish as the most powerful military leader in the known world and he has the world controlled under an iron fist. Throughout the story we've established that he's an empathy-less sociopath that crushes anyone he feels is weak, so he's a Hitler-esque dictator that crushes all who opposes him. So he uses { I should note that when I say football it's american football } football as a propaganda machine led by his best friend Henry Larson star quarterback of the San Diego Riptide in a sort of Panem et circenses, but it's up to Jordan to lead the rebellion with his immortality to overthrow Alex's cruel reign... 

