Fucking fuck I need a girlfriend. Jesus. I do n't even want to get laid anymore, I just need someone to hug when I'm having a shitty day. But they ca n't be retarded or horrible, but I'll try it out if you know someone because fuck, my arms want to get grabbed and pulled and my body wants to follow as I'm swept into a situation that is n't anything like what my life is right now. I want my brain to produce chemicals at an alarming rate without having to take a pill or exert myself to Olympic fucking levels. I need to show someone my love with well-intentioned insults about their ineptitudes with XBox controllers, or jokes about the fundamentals their gender execute so well on the basketball court because dunking is just not a possibility with all that estrogen pumping through those veins as they exist like tunnels below soft skin that begs to be coated with goosebumps by fingers gently pulled across the napes of necks or diagonally from waist to rib to waist again. I want punches to the shoulder, then sweet kisses and smiles and the shared vision of a positive and secure future, but I'll take whatever I can get because the bad in life is getting worse and I've got no one to smile with. I do n't know. I want a reason to clean my apartment and my car, and to replace the paper plates and plastic cups with glass things from stores that men only shop at when they're accompanied by women or prompted by anniversarys or birthdays. 
 
 Those days spent in my head imagining happiness for two have been replaced with standards far lower than I'm willing to admit because the lonliness of my apartment and cat ( sorry Checkers ) is making me fucking ill and not ill in the cool Beastie Boys way. Like, sick as hell. So those days with a brunette with glasses over a blurred face? The one who's creative beyond what I can fathom and whose wit and art and 
 drive drives minds to mine deeper and deeper until they're so rich with gold they retire their single life for good? She's been replaced. And her understudy's just one big, undefinable blur with a voice like the teacher from Charlie Brown and our conversations are Chat Roulettes with less class about nothing specific. I'm scared. And I'm not getting younger. And it sucks. I've got music, and movies and shows and I just know there's someone who wants to listen and see, and who wants to do it with me. But I do n't know who that could be because I'm living in a landfill without the park on top. I'm surrounded by zeroes and broken hoes and YOLOs and the more I go through the motions the more I find that no man's an island yet I'm surrounded by oceans of dead fish and salty fishermen and other things I ca n't do anything with except smell and be annoyed at the stinky stench they all produce as I thousand-yard-stare through this bullshit life I'm so tired of living. I have affection to give, and more. And someone out there wants it. Maybe they're in bumfuck Alabama or Lithuania but they're out there, looking, like me, for someone to give them everything I happen to have. But I ca n't fucking find them because I'm paralyzed by too many tries without successes, and brown eyes instead of blue and there's nothing I can do except sit in my apartment and wonder what the future holds and hope it is n't a reservation for one at a one star restaurant with shitty Yelp reviews and a sexy server that makes eye contact I ca n't look back at because I'm Jerry fucking Lewis but more clueless and clumsy and every girl's Dean Martin seems to be a man I never want to be in real life or pretend. Fucking fuck I need a girlfriend.
