When I was little, it did n't matter that I did n't join in with the songs. I'd dance along because everyone was dancing and everyone seemed so happy, and it was okay that I was clumsy and fell over and bumped into things, because it was expected that little kids still be somewhat uncoordinated. Cute, even. 
 
 Around puberty, most people get self-conscious about our voices, our looks, our dancing. Being uncoordinated is no longer socially acceptable -- it still happens, but not as often, and our own shame is usually heavier than any outside disapproval. 
 
 But gradually, usually in the mid teens but sometimes earlier, everyone gets back into the swing of things, back into the songs. The Sixteenth Birthday at the latest, since that's a magical year when Things Happen. 
 
 As I got older and still had n't joined in, everyone expected some great grand musical debut on my sixteenth birthday. I was so ashamed and anxious that I could n't even open my mouth. There was no song in me. Nothing came out. 
 
 The party broke apart after that in confusion, and I retreated to my room. 
 
 A few weeks later, it started. The Encouragement. The first time, it was at school, during lunch. A friend tried building me up, tried telling me that I'm a great person, that I deserve to be happy and part of it all. She started singing two years ago, and never pressured me to join in before, she knew I'd join in when I was ready. 
 
 As it was, the whole table joined in, and by the final chorus, even the lunch ladies were belting out the refrain. They all gathered around me, like I was the middle of some ridiculous human flower, pointing arms at me in unison as my cue. 
 
 I opened my mouth and the noise that came out might have been mistaken for a startled chicken. 
 
 After that, it became a trend. That song followed me everywhere; somehow everyone knew it, the tune that defined my life. 
 
 People would whistle the tune whenever I passed them. 
 
 On the bus, they murmured the refrain, in the classroom or on the train. I ignored the song as best I was able, but in time, I felt it was making me unstable. I could never manage to sing along, but the pressure was getting far too strong. In my room, I practiced scales, like rocking chairs on cats' tails. 
 
 But whenever I came into a song on the street, I bumped into dancers and tripped over my feet. I enrolled in lessons for poise and grace, but more and more I hid my face. 
 
 I felt I was on the cusp of madness. I stopped socializing, I stayed away from people as best I could. I barely spoke to anyone. 
 
 Years passed, and the `` encouragement song'' faded; people came to accept that I was odd. 
 
 When I turned 21, I spent my birthday alone. I'd always wanted to try drowning my sorrows in alcohol. I ca n't even break into song properly while drunk. I tried. I watched my recording the next morning, and deleted it immediately afterwards. 
 
 This feels like cheating, but I did find a solution, eventually. 
 
 I write my own songs in advance now. I write them and learn them, and practice by myself. And if I find a situation that fits the song, I stand up by myself and sing them. 
 
 The best part is that everyone else somehow does n't know the words, so they do n't join in, they ca n't dance, and they look at me in confusion. It feels like a petty revenge, but it is all I have. 
 
 I am the world's only soloist.
