It was dark for a while. Longer than a while, I suppose, but I guess when you lose sight so young, time does n't really seem as much of a factor. I could remember bits and pieces of the way the world once was; flashes of color would occasionally flood my memory, though for the most part the dark was really all that I knew. 
 
 Until today. 
 
 Today was the day that the bandages were coming off. 
 
 They told me, once I was old enough to understand, that I had been a candidate for this surgery soon after I was healed from the accident. Years went by, and they had never found a match. After I turned eighteen, I had all but accepted that they would never find one. As luck or fate would have it, it was on my birthday that I received the phone call that I knew would change my life. 
 
 Four simple words. `` We found a match.'' 
 
 Needless to say, I was stunned. Here I was on my twenty-second birthday, about to receive the most incredible gift; a way to see the world once again. 
 
 If only I had known just what that meant. 
 
 With my family gathered around, I mentally prepared myself for the worst possible scenario. I'm not sure I ever really believed I would see again, but I was still trying to hope for the best. 
 
 Slowly but surely, the doctor started taking the bandages off. They told me to keep my eyes closed until all was removed. Not to worry, I was n't about to chance any horrible complications after getting this far. 
 
 Opening my eyes was more of a struggle than I expected. I felt like I was prying my eyelids open after all of that time under the bandages. 
 
 `` How does the world look?'' They asked, with hopeful smiles on their faces. 
 
 If only I had a good answer. 
 
 After the initial haze cleared, I sat in stunned silence. The world was no longer the beautiful place of vibrant color that I could barely recall. 
 
 This world was much worse. 
 
 For once the haze cleared, I could see the darkness. It was not merely a darkness from the lack of light, but pure darkness that seeped in from every horrific thought, every avenue of hatred, the blackest corners of the night. This was the nightmarish hell that struck fear into the hearts of the most pure souls. 
 
 This was The Darkness. 
 
 I would take my darkness back in a heartbeat.
