`` And you see. Some brown, some green, and I'm just going add a little yellow, but that's just me. You make it any color you like, but I find bright colors stand out more. They cover better. Coverage is important for this next part, OK? So really load up the brush good with your nice cheery bright colors. 
 
 `` Now you have to decide where you want your happy little bushes to live. They can live anywhere you decide. Do n't think you have to put them where I put them. This is your little world now. I'm just going to put'em here, I think. Right here, where they can cover the shallow grave.'' His face showed a bead of sweat and he frowned and hastily added, still in that comforting, soft spoken voice, `` Does n't have to be a grave. It can be anything you want. You get to decide. It's your little world, and you have a decision to make. But if you decide there's a shallow grave there, you got ta have good coverage, let me tell ya. Otherwise you're gon na have a mess on your hands.'' He chuckled. 
 
 Watching him on television, Maria frowned at this, and wondered at such an uncharacteristic joke. His voice still made her scalp prickle in that peculiar way ( the term `` ASMR'' would not be invented for decades yet ), but the joke just did n't seem in keeping with her favorite painter. She never talked about the show at work. She did n't even paint. Was n't sure why she sat here mesmerized for hours just listening to Ross speak. Still, she wondered, did the creepy factor make the tingling ever so much stronger? She was n't sure. 
 
 `` And then take your flat bladed knife, just like this, and you make a lot of tiny little vertical slashes.'' Maria was enraptured. `` All straight up and down. Straight up and down. There? See. Looks just like branches and roots. People will think you worked forever on that much detail. Detail is very important when you've got something to hide.'' He paused, furrowed his brow a bit, `` Or really anytime. Not just when you're hiding a body. Or hiding anything. Does n't have to be a body. Point is, details are always very important when creating your little world.'' 
 
 But she was ignoring the actual words. Maria was simply focused on the sound of Bob's voice. As she stared at the painting, she began to think the scene seemed eerily familiar somehow. No, probably not, she thought. He was just that good at painting. He made scenes so real you *felt* like you'd seen them somewhere before. 
 
 The phone ringing interrupted this train of thought with a jolt. Sighing a much put upon sigh, she turned down the volume on the TV and picked up the line. `` Krager,'' she said into the phone. 
 
 `` Detective? We got another missing person case out at Carlisle Park. Chief says he wants you and Daniels on it ASAP,'' said the dispatch voice on the other end of the line. 
 
 `` Aw, what *now*?'' she complained. She was going to miss the end of Bob Ross. 
 
 `` Oh, I'm sorry, Detective Krager,'' said the dispatcher sarcastically, `` Shall I tell the Chief he is working you too hard and you need your TV shows? Yes, *now*!'' 
 
 `` Alright, alright,'' she said, her pleasant mood rudely interrupted for the time being. `` Carlisle Park. Tell Daniels I'll meet him in ten.'' She slammed the phone down and with great regret switched the TV off. Damn the budget. Next weekend she was going to get a VCR so she would n't keep missing stuff. 
 
 She threw on her jacket, double checked her badge and gun were in place, then headed for the door. Then stopped, her brow furrowing in concentration. Wait a minute. Carlisle Park. Was n't *that* where she had seen the landscape in Bob Ross's latest painting? Now that she thought about it -- - Nah. Probably just her imagination. It was a funny thing how the mind made its own little world. But you could n't let that little world run away with you. You just had to decide what you were going to have in it, and where it was all going to live. 

