I knew I should n't have done it, but I was desperate. I had no choice. But that did n't matter. Not to *them. * The priests made their ruling, and now I was to be another sacrifice at The Obelisk. They call it Judgement, but everyone knows what it really is: Death. 
 
 The source of their priestly authority, their god. Our god. Nobody knows where it came from, or when it arrived -- that's all been lost to the sands of time. But unlike our constructions, it does n't seem to be affected by the ravages of age. But that's neither here nor there, just another stray thought to distract me from what's about to happen. I am to be subjected to it's judgement. Legend has it that 2000 years ago, the Great Founder entered the Halls of Judgement came back out, alive. The wisdom he found within is the basis of the current priestly caste. So risk certain death by running, or almost certain death by Obelisk... 
 
 I sigh. There never really was any other option. If I had to guts to run, I would n't have done what I did. Meekly, I allow the guards to lead me to the Hall of Judgement. The door silently opens, retreating into the walls, without even a seam to show where they retreated to. 
 
 Tentatively I step into the chamber. Suddenly, I ca n't hear anything but myself. Glancing back, I see the door has closed again, cutting me off from the outside world. Sound included, apparently. I know from previous Judgements that the door can not be opened until the'supplicant' has been judged. 
 
 At least I will get to see something that nobody living has seen. Not even the priests know what is about to happen - not that they would admit it! 
 
 I look around. The Hall of Judgement is... very anti-climactic. It's empty, but for the the door behind me. Even the walls are plain, just white walls lit by a white light from an indeterminate source. On second thought, I think there is another door on the far side of the room, only this one is circular. At least I think it's a door, given the off-white circular border around it, much like the door I entered through. I walk up to it and examine it, for lack of any other option. I can barely see where it comes together, many curved segments spiraling inward towards the center. I ca n't even begin to imagine how that opens. 
 
 I am startled by a harsh voice, loud and demanding. I turn around to see who is speaking, but I do n't see anyone. The voice finally makes it's way through my brain and I realize I have no idea what it said, or even what language it was speaking. Is that god? 
 
 The lights turn yellow and start flashing, and I hear a sound to my left. Some sort of panel has folded down from the wall. It has a number of square tiles, and the revealed wall is black and glowing with arcane symbols, some of which I recognize from the engravings on the outside of the Obelisk. I do n't know what's going on. Is this supposed to happen? At the previous executions, the outer door always opens within a few minutes, and the prisoner's smoking and charred body removed. Has it been a few minutes? Did the light kill them? 
 
 I guess I should do something. I run my fingers across the tiles, and they give a little. I think they're supposed to, I do n't hear any sound that indicates they're breaking. They feel really weird, almost liked the highly polished horn trinkets that the desert nomads sometimes bring to trade, but just different enough to be disconcerting. I notice they also have the style of symbol as the glowing wall ( and is n't *that* strange ). 
 
 The lights turn red and start pulsing faster and a loud shrieking sound from nowhere starts repeating over and over again, and the harsh voice screams something at me again. I DO N'T KNOW WHAT TO DO! What does the Obelisk want? Is this judgement? To be confused and deafened until it overwhelms me and I burst into flames? 
 
 When the shrieking started, I must have pressed one of the tiles harder than I intended to, but something seems to have happened? On the glowing wall, the same symbol as on the tile I pressed now appears? Is it some kind of matching game? A test of your ability to learn? 
 
 I know I ca n't have much time left before I am purified. I do n't want to die! I examine the glow and the tiles as fast as I can. The light is pulsing faster and faster, another tone has joined in on the shrieking. 
 
 What am I supposed to do? Can I pass the test? I know in the pit of my stomach that I only have a few seconds left. Desperately, I press down on tile after tile whose symbols I recognize. I hope it's enough! 
 
 As suddenly as it began, the lights go back to a solid, pleasant white. The horrid two-tone shrieking ends. The mysterious voice says something. I still ca n't understand it, but it sounds less demanding, somehow. Nicer. 
 
 The tile-holder folds back into the wall, leaving only the tiniest of seams that I can only spot because I know exactly where to look. 
 
 The round door opens -- oh, so that's how that works. It kind of twists open with the curving segments circling around and sliding into the wall. 
 
 Beyond the door, is a curved hallway, and it has obviously not been used in a long, long time, judging by the dust. I think it's angled downward, like some kind of spiral ramp. I spend a moment considering if I should enter the hallway or not. I'm still not sure if my Judgement is complete or not. Will I be purified if I try to enter? Will I be purified for failing to enter? 
 
 No... I wo n't go. I'm too much of a coward. As I turn from the hallway, the door whispers closed again. It's been longer than five minutes, has n't it? Judgement is always rendered faster than that. Maybe I wo n't be purified? 
 
 I cross the room to the door I entered through, the more normal rectangular door -- if anything in this place could be considered normal. As I approach, the door opens. In the profound silence of the Hall of Judgement, I can actually hear it opening this time. Just a faint whisper, like the circular door. 
 
 The guards are shocked to see me exit the Hall, still alive. One of them even drops his spear! I'm suddenly hit by a rush of emotion, I survived! I was Judged and found worthy! Does that make me a new prophet? Will I have my own holy order? I do n't *feel* any wiser.... maybe I should actually say something instead of standing here like a country bumpkin. 
 
 I'm not sure what I'll say, but I gather myself to say it. As I open my mouth I notice one of the Guards was n't as shocked as the others, and raised his crossbow. 
 
 Time seems to slow, I can almost see the cords of the string flexing as it propels the bolt. It feels like an eternity before I feel the sharpened steel embedding itself in my body, piercing my lung. I can barely even comprehend what just happened, even as my legs give out and I start falling, drifting really, toward the ground. 
 
 My vision fades. All I can hear is the pounding of my blood in my ears. It's cold now. Oddly, I ca n't even feel the bolt in my chest any more. My last thought before everything goes back is how odd it must be that my thought is about odd it is that I ca n't feel what's killing me.
