“ Mommy! Mamma! Wake up! It ’ s Christmas! ” 
 
 I groaned loudly and rolled onto my back, opening my eyes to see our daughter Sarah jumping on our bed, her curly red hair bobbing up and down in mid-air as she shrieked, “ it ’ s Christmas! It ’ s Christmas! ” before pouncing on Jess. Jess let out a yelp before laughing and pulling her into a hug and giving her a noogie that further rumpled up her already-tangled mane of hair. I let out an exasperated sigh. It was going to be a bitch brushing those knots out. 
 
 When they broke apart, Sarah giggled before she scampered out of our room and down the stairs. Jessica then rolled over onto her side and grinned at me. “ Wan na see what Santa left under the tree? ” she teased. 
 
 I rolled my eyes, running a hand through my hair. “ Jesus Christ, Jess, you ’ re thirty-six-years-old and you still believe in Santa? ” 
 
 I, for one, never believed in Santa Claus. At least, not since my dad walked out on my mom thirty years ago. I still remember that year in perfect clarity. The screaming and fighting that took place as I huddled under the covers, praying that they would stop and we would be a happy family like all the others on the block. Then, just days before Christmas Eve, my own mother gently nudging me towards the fat man perched on his golden throne, surrounded by presents and the pimply teenagers dressed as elves who took up part-time jobs as his helpers. I can still remember climbing timidly onto his lap and being asked, “ And what do you want for Christmas, little girl? ” 
 
 And I looked up at him, with his big smiling blue eyes, and whimpered, “ I want my mom and dad to stop fighting. It scares me. ” Then seeing his big blue eyes take on a look that I couldn ’ t quite comprehend until years later, a frown forming beneath his bushy white beard before patting me on the back. “ Everything is going to be alright, ” he said before one of the teenaged elves hoisted me off his lap and pushed me towards the exit. Only Santa lied to my younger self. Everything didn ’ t go alright. Mom and Dad got into a massive fight on Christmas Eve. By the following morning, he had packed up a suitcase and left. 
 
 I never saw him again. 
 
 I stared up at the ceiling, only bothering to look over at my side to see Jessica sitting up and biting her lower lip. “ I ’ m sorry… I… I should have remembered that this time of year isn ’ t easy for you, ” she babbled. 
 
 
 I shook my head. “ It ’ s alright… I ’ m over… ” 
 
 My words were drowned out by a loud squeal coming from the den downstairs. 
 
 “ Sarah? ” We both shouted in unison. We scrambled out of bed, me still in my nightgown and Jess yanking on a robe over her sports bra and boxer shorts, tying the cord around her waist. We sprinted down the stairs together and stumbled into the den, scared of what we might find waiting in the room with our little girl. 
 
 Instead, we found Sarah, standing before the Christmas tree with the biggest, happiest grin on her face we ’ ve seen since we adopted her three years ago. 
 
 Then she ran to us and wrapped her tiny arms around our legs. “ Thank you, ” she shrieked. “ Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! ” 
 
 I patted Sarah ’ s head and Jess gave her a kiss on the brow before we looked up. 
 
 What we saw standing amidst the mountains of wrapped presents in cheery wrapping paper was a goddamn pony. 
 
 ______ 
 
 “ What the shit, Jessica? A pony? ” I shouted, slamming my fist down the table. 
 
 Jessica ’ s hands flew up in a defensive stance. “ Me? I thought you bought the pony? ” she shouted. 
 
 “ How can I afford a pony on my teaching salary, ” I retorted. This was true. High school science teachers were paid in peanuts. And Jess ’ s salary as a personal trainer wasn ’ t any better. I slunk further deeper into my chair, gripping my hair in my hands. “ Shit, what are we going to do? ” 
 
 “ Where are we going to put it? A condo ’ s no place for a pony, ” Jess sighed. We looked out the bay window of the dining room to see Sarah standing on our front lawn, brushing the pony ’ s blonde mane with her hairbrush and feeding it a carrot. “ I don ’ t want to disappoint her by telling her we can ’ t keep it. Not on Christmas Day. ” 
 
 “ Me neither, ” I muttered. Just because the holiday season was ruined for me as a kid didn ’ t mean I wanted Sarah to endure the same ordeal. She had been babbling about how much she wanted a pony, ever since one of her preschool classmates had her birthday party at a horse riding ranch the previous summer. Her brain had been firmly planted in Equestri-mania for the last six months. When we took her to see a mall Santa the week before, she told him how she wanted her very own pony. 
 
 “ Do you know anyone with a stable? ” I asked. “ Maybe an uncle or someone can take it in until we figure out what to do?'' 
 
 Jess shook her head. “ My family disowned me after I came out. Remember? ” 
 
 I let out a sigh. “ Okay, maybe I can look up local stables. Someone in the tri-county area is bound to help us out. ” 
 
 “ Yeah. Let me get my laptop and see what we do about that. ” Jess nodded towards the window. Sarah was now braiding the pony ’ s mane. 
 
 I got out my laptop and began looking through stables in the area. Jess also logged onto her laptop. After an hour of searching, broken up periodically to check up on Sarah and the pony she had now christened “ Princess ”, Jess waved me over. 
 
 “ You will not believe what I found, ” she said, her eyes wide and mouth slightly agape. 
 
 I peered over her shoulder and what I saw on the front page of the forum Jess liked to visit when she wanted to goof around made me gasp. 
 
 There were pages upon pages of posts, photographs, and video uploaded by parents around the world, shocked that they woke up on Christmas morning to find presents under the tree that they claimed they never bought for their children. There were grinning kids and bewildered moms and dads posing with ponies like Princess, toy robots, expensive Lego sets and Barbie Dream Houses, guns both real and fake. Some kid in Australia wanted uranium and got a tin of the real deal! There were news articles of family members and random children turning up dead. More of other parents, deployed at military bases and warzones oceans away, suddenly showing up on doorsteps and driveways Christmas morning looking just as confused while their children ran up to them with arms wide open. Couples who had split up were suddenly reunited. 
 
 “ What the everloving… ” Jess mouthed over my phone ’ s marimba ringtone. I glanced down at the phone, which was vibrating on the table. I picked it up with trembling hands and noticed that I had a incoming call from my mom. 
 
 I pressed the call button. “ Uh… hi, Mom, ” I said in a shaking voice. “ Merry… ” 
 
 “ Annie, you will not believe what just happened, ” Mom interrupted, her voice sounding ever so clear and close despite being a thousand miles away. “ But the strangest thing happened this morning. ” 
 
 “ What is it? ” 
 
 “ Your dad… he… he came back. He… he says he ’ s changed. Went to rehab and got clean. Been so for fifteen years. He wants to try and make this work out again. ” 
 
 I glanced over at Jess, who was now staring at me with wide eyes. 
 
 What the shit was going on? 
 
 _____ 
 I do n't have a personal subreddit. But I do appreciate feedback. 

