I heard the bell go off followed by the sound of running footsteps. My first thought is that it was a fire alarm, and that people were running for the exits. So I did the same. I grabbed some of the papers I was working on and made a break for an exit. I was expecting to see my fellow co-workers running towards the exit as well. Instead I was greeted by one of them charging at my with a shiv made out of an office scissor. My instincts kicked in and I moved slightly to the right to trip him. He fell head first on the corner of an office desk, no doubt that he was knocked out. 
 
 
 I looked around to see if anyone else just saw him attack me and if they were going to say or do something. Instead I saw all my new co-workers stabbing each other with scissors and paper clips that had been bent and sharpened and put in between ones fingers as a makeshift knuckle duster. Some with rulers that had the edge sharped and used as a spear. Others forgot about the office supply warfare and started to kick, bite, scratch and punch there way out. Out of the corner of my eye I saw a few running for the door, which is what I was about to do. 
 
 I grabbed the knocked out man's scissor shiv and hide behind the cubicle, trying to comprehend what had just happened. As if someone had read my mind, an announcement came over the loud speaker. 
 
 `` Too all our new workers, we welcome you to your first Office Purge! Will you try to fight your co-workers to get a 10 percent raise, or will you run for the exit?'' 
 `` Fuck that, i'm getting out of here'' I thought 
 
 With the scissor shiv in hand, I ran for the closest exit. It felt like I was dreaming, how could in the matter of one minute, normal, everyday workers with families turn into complete savages completely contempt to kill one another for a bit of cash? I was n't soon going to find out. If i get out of here alive, i am sure as hell never coming back. 
 
 Suddenly a sharp pain emerged in my upper back, I turned around to see Cindy, a girl who I met when I first started the job. She was a short yet beautiful girl, with dark brown hair and eyes and thin eyebrows. Yet those eyes were of rage and determination now. As I looked back I saw she stabbed me with a pencil, and she had more coming. 
 
 I swung at her with the scissor shiv and hit her cheek, causing her to flinch. I was not about to kill a person, so I kept on running. Yet she would n't give. She tackled me forcing me to land on my back and causing the pencil to dig deeper into my skin. I yelled out and she was ready to stab me in the throat. I still had the scissor shiv in my hand and I knew I had to fight back. She went at my with the pencil and I hit her hand with my own. The point grazed the side of my neck. She was open. With my other hand I lunged at her with the scissor shiv, striking her right in her throat. She screamed but there was no sound to it. I moved her off of me with the sharp pain still in my back. I stood up, breathing hard. I looked around once more and saw the fighting had stopped. All of my co-workers were laid dead or greatly injured. 
 
 A voice came over the loud speaker 
 
 `` Congrats on your raise BatteryBoy7!'' `` Now get back to work, I need those papers done by Friday!'' 
 
 

