It was different for my parents. Honest to god, deep down inside I believe they loved each other until the end, but life moved way too fast for their young hearts to keep up with the needs of each other. I like to think, looking through pictures and posts between them on their old social media profiles, that even when they were at each other's throats they loved each other just as much as when they were teenagers. With a baby in the picture ( me, ) they just lost sight of what was most important. Im a rare breed, not in the fact that my parents got a divorce, but in the fact that they were a perfect match in the ring, and neither of them came out alive. But things were different for them. 
 
 Ellie and I had a unique love from the first day of our relationship. Normally when two young people fall in love and get married they either know with every fiber of their being that they are sure of it, or they want divorce from the start just for the thrill of taking another life. Ellie made that different for us. Ellanor was in a car accident two years before I first laid eyes on her, and although she lost the use of her legs, she swears it was the best thing that ever jappened to her. Things were different for my parents because they new that both of them could n't leave their marriage alive. With Ellie that just was n't the case. 
 
 When the government passed the law that forced couples to fight to the death for divorce, they knew standards had to be set for handicapped individuals. If anyone is given a handicap class 3 or higher then they do n't have to participate in the divorce combat arena, so long as their handicap existed before papers were filed and approved. 
 
 Maybe knowing this made us too hasty in our decision, maybe we were doomed from the start. I do n't know and I honestly dont care anymore. I've moved past the guilt of my decision, and I think it'd be for the better for both Ellie and myself. At the end of the day love just was n't enough for me. I love her more than anything but there's an emptiness, that can only be filled by a child, and unfortunately Ellie also lost that ability in the car accident also. 
 
 When we decided to seek out a surrogate I had no idea I would fall in love with Katherine. The hardest part of this whole situation is that even now, as im about to walk into our house with the divorce papers Ellanor still has no idea. The only positive side of this whole mess is she gets to keep living, albeit with a broken heart. I've been telling myself that this whole time. 
 
 `` Hey Talkie, how was your day?'' ( she called me Talkie and I Called her Walkie, it was a weird little inside joke we made out of pet names, ) said Ellie as I walked through the front door, grasping the manilla folder tightly in my left hand. `` Uh, well I need to talk to you Ellie,'' I said opening the folder. I thought getting straight to the point would be best. `` Whats in the dingy old folder?'' She asked, guiding her computerized wheel chair towards me. 
 
 I walked right past her and put the folder on the table. She quickly turned her chair around and moved towards the table as I opened it to the section she would need to sign. 
 `` I've been lying to you Ellie, none of your eggs took. Katherine and I were going to keep it a secret, but shes pregnant, and I love her. You know it has nothing to do with your disability. I made a bad decision because I just wanted a child, and I thought that I could do it without emotion. I thought that Katherine would have the baby and you would be its mother and you'd never know the difference, but I ca n't do it, and neither can Katherine. She wanted to keep the baby from the start and I cant blame her.'' It all came out so fast and cold. Id said it a thousand times in my head but it never sounded so cold. 
 
 `` Do you truly love her?'' asked ellie without a tear. 
 I hesitate briefly, and unexpectedly. 
 `` Yes.'' 
 `` Where do I sign?'' asked Ellie with a sigh. 
 I turn to grab a pen, and ca n't believe my eyes as I turn to give it to her. 
 `` Ill see you in the arena you bastard.'' said ellie, as she stood up from her chair to grab the pen from my hand.
