Friday, February 7, 2076, 1722 hours Atlantia Standard Time 
 
 Jedd Ardin rushed into his apartment after finally getting the old retinal scanner to recognize him. Ardin was a senator from South Aminson, Sector VII, Atlantis, which up to now was a territory of the United States, and had been since the 1963 treaty. Jedd turned on the holovision, hoping he was n't too late. He had made it back to Atlantia, the capital of Sector VII, the American Sector, just before the Federal Defense Command closed the borders between Atlantis and the U.S. The talking heads were discussing the division of Atlantis while waiting for Alexsandr Standetov to take the podium. Jedd took advantage of this to change and start some dinner while he had time. The Senate had spent the whole week attempting to prevent the 16 sectors of Atlantis from uniting, but failed, even after threatening an full invasion by American Troops. Jedd decided he better leave Washington before the FDC prevented him from getting home. 
 
 At last the holoscreen changed and the face of Standetov appeared, so Jedd turned up the volume to hear what the Governor General of Sector IV, better known as the Atlantis Oblast of Russia, Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, more commonly just called “ The Oblast ” had to say. Standetov began his speech in Russian, and the translation in English quickly followed, expertly translated by the local station's AI. 
 
 “ One hundred fourteen years ago, on October 28, 1962, our world was on the brink of World War III. My homeland, the Soviet Union, had supplied Cuba, a small island nation that once was south of Florida, with nuclear missiles in response to the United States setting up missiles in Europe. The President of the United States, John F. Kennedy, threatened a blockade to prevent any more missiles from entered Cuba. We had decided to back down and remove the missiles to prevent war, but certain military leaders within Cuba seized the missiles and declared a new government. Fidel Castro, the leader of Cuba attempted to retake the missiles, but when it was clear that the coup would be defeated, the missiles were detonated. 
 
 “ The resulting explosion destroyed Cuba and most of the other Caribbean islands when a then unknown fault line was triggered. The resulting sea quakes resulted in the rebirth of the lost continent of Atlantis, just where Plato said it would be. 
 
 “ The appearance of the new continent caused much damage to the eastern coast of the United States, the nation of Portugal, and British Isles, and western Africa – damage that would take decades to repair. 
 
 “ As a result of the Cuban catastrophe, the nations of the world through the United Nations decided to divide the new continent into 16 sectors, each to be assigned to one of the major nations on the planet. It was hoped that Plato's continent would contain the remains of an advanced civilization that had lead the world before Altantis sank. We hoped that the great civilizations that followed – the Aztecs, Mayans, Greeks, Babylonians, and Egyptians would be poor relations to the great Atlantian culture. 
 
 “ What was found was disappointing. Yes, we found ruins and evidence of civilization in Atlantis, the most famous being the Lost City, in Lisbee ( Canadian Sector VI ), but no advanced technology or signs of Alien influence. Atlantis had advanced culture, but at most the technological level of the Roman Empire. 
 
 “ By the 1990s, the empty lands of Atlantis had began to be settled by citizens of the countries that were in charge of the 16 sectors. Each sector belonged to the country that was assigned to it. Today that changes. The Atlantian accord was signed earlier today in Atlantia by the Governors of Lisbee ( VI ), VII, and myself. The other 12 sectors will be signing in the next few days. Today we declare ourselves no longer to be 16 separate colonies, but one United Continent of Atlantis! 
 
 The Capital of The United Continent of Atlantis will be Atlantia, which is the largest city near the center of the continent. I plan to travel to Atlantia in the next few days to declare my candidacy for the position of Grand Commander. The United Atlantian Army, the MTK, has been authorized to use force against any armies that attempt to retake our territory. That includes the Soviet Union. The *USS Kennedy*, the *Chairman Mao*, the *Prince of Wales* and the Soviet destroyer *Putin* will be allowed to leave United Atlantian territory unharmed in the next 24 hours. A temporary Government will be set up in Atlantia until elections are final. As I speak, the national flags in each of the 16 sectoral capitals are being lowered and the tri-mountain and globe of the United Continent is being raised. After over 100 years of being controlled from abroad, Atlantis is taking control of her own destiny. Good evening. ” 
 
 Jedd turned off the holoscreen and sat down to eat his dinner. He was no longer a Senator in Washington, it seemed. He could either attempt to re-enter the United States and figure out what to do once he was stripped of his seat, or he could stay here in Atlantia, and join the new government. The decision was easy. Jedd looked out the window over to where the first sublight ship to go to the stars, the *Ptera*, was being built. VII, Sector VII, was the past, and The United Continent Of Atlantis was the future. He cleared his schedule for Monday and wrote one thing on his personal holopad – TUCOA. 
 
 
 Minor edit - ship's names
