It seemed so wrong. But... Right at the same time. Her robe was a pure white. In all my years here, as an elven mage instructor in the lands of Eltair, no one has ever possessed magic capabilities like that. She was not even an elf, but a human, those with lesser natural affinity than us. How... It was... Simply impossible. Yet here I was, staring at the impossible. There was no way I could pretend it was not true. This... Human, possessed the purest form of magic ever seen. The robes never lie. I had often dreamt that something like this would happen eventually, but to have it staring before me?! It was n't supposed to happen, yet, it did. The human girl seemed confused at how I stared at her. I would kill to set my own reaction and laugh at his flabbergasted I had looked. But right now, there was a crisis. Well, it was a good crisis, or maybe a terrible one. I just simply had no idea. Placing my palms, now sweaty, back on the elven rosewood desk, I begun to speak, but no words came out from my mouth. The young human giggled; I was probably acting like a fool now. 
 
 Here in this village, we use these magical robes to test for the arcane ability of anyone. These robes would then display a different colors with varying intensity all over the robe of the wearer, showcasing their type of magic and affinity to that magic. It was not uncommon to have many different colors on ones robes, but there was always one or two of those colors that stood out. Slightly rarer, were those whose robes were of a single, pure color. It displayed they had great control over a certain element and were often held in very high regard. Many-a-times they became masters in their elements. Then, there was those who had the gold and silver colored robes. It was said that these casters were all destined for greatness. However, news of their magical prowess often spread too far too fast, and many were killed by the age of 16. However, it was rumored that the current elven leader had one of pure gold, but he had never worn his magical robe out in public. The last, were the mythical black and white. Yet, no one in history was said to hold these 2 colors in its purity. Sure, many people had traces of them in their robes, but it was never before seen. 
 
 Never before seen my arse. Here it was, right before my eyes. The young child smiled innocently, completely contradicting my reaction. She was calm, collected, and looked down at her white, flowing robe, wondering what was wrong. 
 
 `` Erm... Follow me please... Now we need you to meet the headmaster so he can give you a proper introduction to the school'' I lied, trying my best to cover the stuttering my instructions. It was the best thing I could do. Never before had I needed to manage this situation. The procedure was usually a magic affinity test, then signing some forms to confirm your enrollment if you passed. And we're all done. 
 
 I got up from my seat, and ushered the girl out, escorting her to he headmasters office. Thankfully, there was no one around, school was out and the only reason I came in was to deal with new enrollments. Escorting the young girl up the stairs, we walked together. My mind was spinning in circles. There was no way the robes lied or failed. Yet, this impossible situation had occurred. It was not before long we arrived at the large oak door that was the headmasters room. Politely asking the girl to wait outside, lying once again that I was making sure we were n't interrupting the headmaster. 
 
 I knocked and slowly walked in, leaving her outside. 
 
 Entering the room was always made me feel overwhelmed. It was n't the room, but the person in the room that was the source of that. The headmaster was a large man of statute. His face, constantly expressing a serious look intimidating all. The most prominent feature was the scar under his face. But it was not his physical appearance that many feared. It was his magic, his robes had 2 distinct colors, split right down the middle. A bright, stark red and a lush green. A weird combination of magic, but scary nonetheless. Gulping, I began 
 
 `` Gandr... The robes... A human girl. Pure white...'' 
 
 The old headmaster nodded, taking it in, his face, expressionless. 
 
 It was then, behind the doors came muffled cries for help. I recognized it as from talking to the young girl. Mixed with the the cries was laughter. It sounded masculine, probably from one of the boys here at the campus. But no one was supposed to be here. Sure, school was open but no one ever comes back. The hallways are deserted on the holidays. Racing out together with the headmaster, we witnessed a scene that should never have happened. However, before we opened the doors, the sounds were swapped. Now, it was the boys groaning for help. 
 
 Running out, what we saw shocked us. The young girl, draining the light from the boy. Out of their eyes came their life force, all being absorbed by the young girl. Her eyes now white, power overflowing out of her arms. Soon, it was not just the their eyes, but from the mouths and nostrils of the young child. I watched in shock and glanced towards Gandr, noticing his eyes widened at the scene. This was the first time I had seen Gandr show any kind of emotion. It was not before long that the corpses went limp. However, they did not only fall limp, but their corpses became black as night. Yet, it was then, that their lifeless corpses once again changed colour. Now slowly turning white as the darkness left them. The blackness on their bodies dropped as though they were shedding, but as dust. Slowly, they crumbled, until revealing a pure, white core. Strangely enough, it glistened although there was no light. Pure as day, white as snow. The young child picked up the 2 gems, and handed them to me. My mouth still open, wondering what I just witnessed. The girl ’ s power was unbelievable, and she was still young. 
 
 “ After you, ” Headmaster Gandr said as he held the door open for the two of us. The young child care-freely walked in, while I merely sighed and followed in after them. 
 
 -- - 
 
 /r/GergWritingArchive for more short stories based on prompts from /r/WritingPrompts. Still new to this but I've been having a blast writing these. The archive is sure to grow haha. Feedback always welcomed here
