From a young age, I always enjoyed reading comics wherein the hero or heroin saves the world. I'd spend hours fantasizing about how everyone worshiped them as they saved the world. It became a bit of an obsession, I'd just randomly let my mind wander in class as I wondered how I'd take down a school shooter or stop a terrorist attack. How I'd execute a perfect slide and steal his gun, then hold him down for the cops to arrive. At the same time, I'd enjoy watching apocalypse movies where the hero saves the damsel in distress and wins her heart. If only that could be me... 
 
 I had prepared, of course. I had every room in my house stuffed with shotguns, shotgun shells, food, water, and medical supplies. I even went so far as to purchase an old WWII tank, along with several hundred old soviet grenades. Financing it was n't easy, but you'd be amazed how much the military is willing to work with you when you offer the down payment to the CO in cash. Living in rural Wisconsin, hiding all this military tech was easy, however transporting it was not. Regardless, as you can tell, my life is centered around the apocalypse. I was determined to never be a helpless zombie, or the damsel in distress. I was to be the hero, and be the hero I would... someday. 
 
 Little did I know, in the summer of 2016 my opportunity came. A terrorist organization called ISIS had managed to manufacture a serum that completely inhibited any sense of right and wrong, mainly intended for use on suicide bombers. However, they found a much better application in large populations, as it also turned every human being it came in contact with into a vicious killer with no moral inhibitions. 
 
 So, naturally, being ISIS, they tried to put it in the water supply. Unfortunately it became too diluted, and all that ended up happening was a bunch of Londoners cutting queue and violently tutting for a few months. Next they tried putting it in the oil, hoping when it was burned off the chemical would be dense enough... Unfortunately anybody who was sucking in exhaust ( looking at you rednecks ) was already so unstable it did n't matter. 
 
 So, naturally, being a bunch of stupid terrorists, they gave up. That brings me to where I am now, standing in a trench fifty feet from their bunker, about to steal the serum and get this done right. I'd managed to secrete enough from the oil to experiment on, and I knew how to do this right. I just found it very hard to negotiate with terrorists. Actually, I lied. I'm not going to, the remote control car already has already poisoned them all, it's already mine. I just need to go in and bring it out. 
 
 
 It took two hours. Two hours with a forklift and Tom, my best friend from High School ( oh, and he was also a bodybuilder ). I'd found that if I put it directly into the bloodstream, any sweat would then be enough to infect the next user's bloodstream. So, skip the boring stuff, I mixed it up with the blood at the Red Cross, and within a day the zombie outbreak had finally begun! 
 
 It was really lame. 
 
 I mean, yeah, so a few zombies showed up, but nowhere near enough. This just was n't working, it was n't fun picking off one maniac every few hours. Things had to speed up, and quickly. So, I did the next best thing, and drove my tank into the middle of New York City and dumped the zombies off the front. Within hours, the entire city was hiding or infected. Tom and I could finally have some fun. I started easy, using a few of my precious ammo shells in the tank to defend our perimeter. We'd set up a corner of Time's Square, and were defending a few civilians sitting by the tank treads. Tom had a Vietnam era Gatling gun, heaven knows how he found that. I did n't even know he owned it, but as I write he's standing on the hood of my tank firing twelve rounds a second, mowing down zombies like a rather buff Grim Reaper. 
 
 I fired four more shells into the left flank, opening a small chasm that was soon filled by more zombies. We'd been at this for almost thirty minutes, and I was starting to get a bit worried. There was n't anybody to save, because everybody was infected. Boom, another grenade to my left. Tom had run out of ammo belts and was now throwing grenades, and the perimeter had become a lot smaller. Not good, not good at all. Time to take this to the high rises, where the military was setting up evacuations on the rooftops. I called to Tom, and started rolling the tank. The people crowded around the treads ran away screaming, more zombies for later. I prepared my magnum, and readied myself for the entry to the nearest building. 
 
 Tom and I fought our way up to the highest floor, there was quite a bit of traffic, amazingly. We did n't really save anyone, seeing as everybody was a bloody zombie at this point. I wish the serum was n't quite so effective, it was ruining all the glory in this. Apparently I was wanted by the U.N. now, I only know this because of the soldier I left tied up in the elevator. Something about infecting all of NYC was n't very humane. Regardless, they'd worship me as a hero when I stopped this outbreak. 
 
 Tom was tired, I was tired, and we'd been at this for six hours now. I was tired, this was a bad idea, and I wanted none of it. The zombies had cornered us, and I was on my last three clips for my magnum. Tom had run out of grenades, and was engaged in hand-to-hand combat. Well, hand to leather. If they touched him, he'd become infected. However we're going to die here... this much I know. There are only five feet left until they reach us. Now three. Now they're up against me. 
 
 I go down.
