`` Every bloody year, it's the same crap. Every year!'' I thew my pen across the table. An effective demonstration of my frustration, clearly. 
 
 Ever since that amendment to the constitution narrowly passed it's been the same thing every year: someone comes around, asks if you want to pay taxes or not, and then either collects the sum or leaves your home empty handed. 
 
 Honestly, it's extortion either way. You either pay the government a flat rate of 49 % of your income, or you wind up paying roughly the same amount for the various `` Civil Protection Services'' and `` Neighbourhood Alliance'' groups. 
 
 Some would argue it's the price of safety, but I disagree. I remember when you could walk down the street without having to have your TP badge - a badge you wear around your neck denoting that you are `` tax-protected'' - to every onlooker and police officer that passed by. 
 
 And the police! Do n't get me started on that. Watching them stand around and do nothing while someone gets mugged, or beaten, or raped. It's as if the humanity has been stripped from us and we're left with a badge to remind us of our worth... or lack of. 
 
 The taxation agent looked at me from across the table. Having retrieved my pen, she seemed unimpressed with my reaction or my lack of response to her question. 
 
 `` Right,'' she began dismissively, `` what's it going to be this year? Taxes, yea?'' 
 
 I thumbed my badge with my left hand, feeling its slight but noticeable weight shift. This badge polarizes people. A system that was already class-conscious and divided became even more so when these bloody things were introduced. 
 
 So, what was it going to be? 
 
 Would I sign a writ of acknowledgement of taxation debt, pay my taxes now, and live another year under the protections afforded to me by the government? 
 
 Or, would I finally grow a backbone and tell her to piss off? 
 
 I guess the answer would depend entirely on whether or not I was prepared to change my status quo. 
 
 `` Give me the paper.'' I demanded, clearly showing my continued aggravation. 
 
 The agent did as she was asked, sliding over a document with no less than six carbon copies. `` Sign here, and sign here to acknowledge the direct debit from your bank account, and please date the day, within three business days, that we can withdraw the money.'' 
 
 That's when it clicked. A realization. Maybe this is the moment I would finally grow a spine and tell the government to pound sand. Maybe this would be the day that I stood on my own two feet, without the governments `` protection'' and `` laws''. 
 
 She looked at me impatiently. I was wasting her time. 
 
 I looked her in the eye, confidently. Knots formed in my stomach, and I could tell that my anxiety was building. `` You know what I'm going to do, Ms. Agent?'' 
 
 She tilted her head to the side, her eyes narrowing. Her right arm moved slightly, though I was n't able to see what her hand was doing since the table was obstructing my view. I could only assume she was reaching for her sidearm. 
 
 I signed the paper twice, dated it for tomorrow. She reached across the table and snapped them up, left my copies, and left without saying another word. 
 
 I wish I was n't so spineless. I wish even more that I did n't have the same bloody struggle every time she showed up. 
 
 But, even more than that, I wish I had noticed she did n't even bring her sidearm this year. 
 
 *sigh*. 
 
 EDIT: Feedback and constructive criticism appreciated: )
