Hello Me? 
 
 Look here you little mother fucker and listen good. I'm you in ten years. We fucked up. Big time. I'm talking the mother of all messes. 
 
 A few things. I know how badly you hate school, but trust me, we do n't kill ourselves, and the world does n't end like we want it to. So a bit of advice. One, do our goddamn homework. I know, I hate regurgitating the information as well but if you do n't keep up with the schoolwork we end up working in a fucking factory where we ca n't have piercings in and have to wear a hard hat. It fucking sucks. So keep up with the schoolwork as best you can. If you do n't get something do n't be afraid to ask them for help. Being a rebel is fun and all, but our life will fucking suck if you keep that shit up. You never listened to dad so hopefully you'll listen to me. 
 
 Two. Start eating better fucknut. Cut some of the carbs out of our diet. Our thyroid problem wo n't go away if you do n't keep up with your medication. Same with our depression. 
 
 Three. You're going to go through a goth phase, it's cool, you'll meet some good people. Zack Arp. Find him. He becomes a brother to us. Trust me on this. 
 
 Four. Do n't start smoking. EVER. You little fucking prick. 
 
 Five. Help dad out, he's still around at the moment, but I would like for him to have fonder memories of us. Asshole. Also, appreciate the time with Neoda, we have to get rid of her due to some unfortunate circumstances. 
 
 Six. Some woman that we will come across in our lives. or we should. Joy K. Love of our life. She takes her life and we shut down from the depression. Turn to dad. He's there for us. Trust me. Try your damnedest to meet a girl named Onika. She's everything we've ever wanted out of life but have been to afraid to ask for. It will save a lot of heartbreak. We end up with her kind of should you follow the path you're on now, but it could start much earlier if you try. 
 
 Seven. Always be true to yourself man. We are what we are and that's ok. We are n't alone in this world, despite how we feel some of the time. Broaden your musical horizons. Right now You're listening solely to Meat-Loaf and Concrete Blonde. And we still love them, but there is so much more good music out there. 
 
 Eight. We have Multiple Disassociate Personality Disorder, Anxiety, Severe Clinical Depression with Suicidal Tendencies. These will be our great strengths and our great downfalls. 
 
 Nine. Convince Dad to invest in something called AAPL. It's going to blow the fuck up. He's going to get very sick. Constant Shaking and stuttering. It's an Adrenal Pack on his spine. Due to it's location it ca n't be operated on, but hopefully since you have the information you can do something preventative. He'll be fine right about the time we turn 18. It'll start at about 16. 
 
 Ten. Mother is still a cunt. She always will be so do n't blame yourself for the things she did to us. 
 
 Look fucker, I know we have hardships and difficulties, but, we can always overcome them. Remember that man. Remember that.
