The magic is dripping from his fingertips. It falls to the ground in ribbons of energy, splashing across the cold asphalt. My breath is caught in my throat, just a shadow where that *thing* had been earlier. When he slowly turns to look at me, it ’ s with regret. A shiver runs up my spine. 
 
 “ Please don ’ t. ” My voice is a whisper. “ Please don ’ t kill me. Please. ” 
 
 “ I ’ m sorry darling. You ’ re unlucky. ” 
 
 “ Please don ’ t. Please. I won ’ t say a thing. ” I shake my head, eyes fixed on him, attempting to make him believe me. 
 
 “ I ’ m sorry. ” With each step he takes towards me, I crawl backwards across the ground. 
 
 “ No, please no. Please don ’ t! ” My voice rises with each word, getting louder and louder. He grimaces, glancing around to see if unwanted attention is being focused on the two of us. Unfortunately, we ’ re alone. “ I won ’ t say anything, I won ’ t. ” The magic continues to drip like a leaky faucet, each splash flaring across the pavement in shades of green and blue. “ I promise. I promise you, I won ’ t breathe a word. ” 
 
 “ Darling. ” He ’ s got a frown on his face, eyes tracking along the building. While he ’ s looking everywhere else, I can ’ t take my eyes off of him. 
 
 “ Please, please don ’ t kill me! ” I can hear the hysteria entering my voice. Here I am, begging some mage to spare me. The frown spreads further across his face and his hand clenches into a fist. 
 
 “ Shush. ” There ’ s a light on above us, someone probably wondering what all the commotion is. 
 
 “ Please don ’ t. Please don ’ t. ” I hiccup with tears, shaking in terror as they blind me. I ’ m gasping with each heavier sob. “ Please... please don ’ t. ” 
 
 “ Ssh. ” The rough asphalt crunches underfoot and I cringe away, attempting to pull further away from him. Instead of the incoming flare of magic to burn me away, his hand simply runs over my head. He sighs, a sound of frustration. “ Son of a bitch. ” 
 
 “ Please, ” I croak out between sobs. 
 
 “ Calm down. I ’ m not going to. ” He gives another sigh as I rub at my face, attempting to at least clear my vision. “ What the hell am I going to do? ”
