I was looking through the mailbox when I found a package that said, `` Merry Christmas.'' When I brought it home, I ripped through the paper and saw that it was a new game. A free video game! I set up the game on my PC and instantly started playing. The character information popped up. There was an elf, a swordsman, and a magician. Being the magic-lover that I am, I chose the magician. I named her Aisha. She looked like a real person, with her brown eyes and blonde hair. Using the arrow keys, I veered Aisha to some gates, only to be stopped by some men who started lecturing me about the dangers that lurked outside, blah blah blah. I ignored them and stepped out of the gates. What I saw made my eyes bug out. There were lots of people, but what made me freeze was what they were doing. They were killing each other, either with a sword, a wand like mine, or a very sharp looking stick. Real looking blood was splattering every inch of the ground, and when a character died, they fell to the ground, screaming blood curdling murder. I spotted a group of people that were together as a murder team, who instantly starting coming towards Aisha. Terrified, I ran back to the gates, trying to get back inside the safe zone. As soon as I reached the opening, a invisible barrier thing blocked me, keeping me from coming inside. Turning around to face the group, I watched as they muttered,'' Another one, eh? That's too bad. Well, the less people there are, the better.'' One of them slashed at me with her knife, leaving a bloody scar on the side of my arm. I immediately dropped the controller, feeling a sudden ache in my left arm. I looked for a scar, like the one in my video game, but I found none. I watched helplessly as the team took turns slashing at me, each slash bringing a new painful scar in real life. I tried pleading and begging for them to stop, but they did n't listen. Then, a young boy, probably about 11, grinned at me and whispered, `` Good Night.'' Then everything went black.
