“ Hello Michel, how do you do? ” the killer said with a maniacal laugh. He had a bowie knife in his right hand. He had been waiting for Michel to find him. 
 
 “ Its a pleasure to see your face... ” he paused. “ Oh, I mean, to wear your face. ” And he laughed again. He had a strong lisp and a laugh that highlighted his deranged state of mind. 
 
 Michel had felt an intense burning feeling on his face upon waking amongst the bodies that littered the building. The pain was so intense that he thought his face might be on fire. He had rushed out of the room he was in and tried to get out of the building, only to run into the killer. And he quickly realized upon seeing the other wearing his face, and hearing his words, that he had lost his own. 
 
 “ I went to school for years Michel. So many years. Just for this. For this moment. ” 
 
 Michel stood motionless, still afraid to reach his hand up to feel what had happened to his face. 
 
 “ Well Michel, nothing to say? You don ’ t know who I am? Anyways, touch it. Feel what I did to you, Michel. ” 
 
 “ What the hell is this? ” Michel yelled. Each movement of his face brought on excruciating jolts of pain that crippled him instantly into a kneel, his hands now covering his face. However, he didn ’ t feel a bare face of bloodied flesh and muscle. He felt skin. 
 
 “ What have you done to me? ” Michel screamed into his hands. He broke out weeping, completely forgetting the dead bodies that lay behind him. 
 
 “ What is this on my face? ” he cried. “ What have you done to me? ” he said again, half growling, half crying. 
 
 “ I want you to guess whose face you ’ re wearing Michel. ” The killer was brought down himself onto his back, laughing uncontrollably. 
 
 He slowly rose back up and stared at Michel. “ GUESS WHOSE FACE YOU ’ RE WEARING DAMMIT! ” he snapped, getting up off of the floor, wiping away his tears. 
 
 Michel ’ s face was seamlessly grafted onto the killer ’ s head. He could see scars in several areas, but the job was clearly done professionally. And unfortunately, Michel hadn ’ t had a clue why this was happening to him. 
 
 Michel stood back up slowly, still sobbing. He looked behind him at several dead bodies that were in the room with them. He reached into his pocket for his phone and his hand came out empty. He looked back at the bodies and ran over to one, hoping to find theirs. 
 
 “ You won ’ t get any help on this, Michel. Nobody has a phone, no mirrors either, ” said the killer. “ And I won ’ t let you escape ’ til I ’ m done. ” 
 
 “ How the hell am I supposed to know who ’ s face I have, I don ’ t even know who you are or what ’ s going on! Look at all of the people you killed, you bastard. ” 
 
 “ Whoa, name calling, won ’ t help you this time, Michel. Not this time. Not now. Not now that I have you. ” 
 
 Michel ’ s mind was racing trying to come up with something. *Not this time* he ran through his head again. Was there a last time? Had he called the killer names before? 
 
 He stared at the killer, mortified at the sight of his own face, but he needed to find something out about who this guy was. 
 
 He was about 5 ’ 6 ’ ’ and was stocky. His hair was covered by a hood. The lisp! He immediately reflected back on middle school. 
 
 There was a short, chubby boy with a lisp. He was picked on by a few kids but Michel was by far the worst. He called him Stumpy, but with a lisp so it sounded like Thtumpy, and also Stumpty Dumpty. There were many others, some worse, some directed at other traits, such as personality, or his interest in drama and plays. *Masks* Michel remembered again. 
 
 In high school Stumpy had resorted to wearing masks to school to hide his face, which was also the target of nicknames, but it was more to hide his tears and emotion as kids picked on him. But what had he gone on to do after high school. Michel wasn ’ t sure. 
 
 “ Why ya so quiet, Michel? ” asked Stumpy. “ Can ’ t remember my face? ” And he broke into laughter once again, laying on his back again as tears welled up under his eyes. 
 
 “ Stumpy, ” Michel said. “ Stumpy! ” he yelled. 
 
 Stumpy ’ s laughter stopped. He went dead quite. 
 
 “ Stumpy, ” he muttered under his breath. “ Don ’ t you dare call me that again, Michel. Don ’ t play with fire. You don ’ t know how long I ’ ve been waiting for this. I earned the power I have over you right now. I earned it all. I fought for it all my life. So you address me as Dr. Alacarta now. That ’ s right, I ’ m a doctor. A real good one too. Recently just performed some groundbreaking new plastic surgeries for burn victims. Their faces get destroyed, but I can recreate the face perfectly. ” 
 
 Stumpy stood silently for a moment. 
 
 “ You wan na know my favorite part, Michel? This one was so easy. It wasn ’ t easy to figure out how to graft off my own face. It wasn ’ t easy to graft your face to mine, but it was damned easy to pull off your face, and it was damned easy to graft my face to yours. ” 
 
 “ Your face? ” Michel whispered, almost just mouthing the words. 
 
 “ My face. ” 
 
 Might be continued...
