It was a difficult decision, which sense to retain. Having lived with both hearing and sight for almost two years, I'd been well-off enough to savour the notes of Bach and The Beatles, to rewatch Amadeus and The Matrix. 
 
 Before that I did n't really appreciate food the way I long for it now. Between a lack of funds and the unfulfilling experience, eating has just been another reminder; I've lost a few dozen pounds, but I ca n't feel it anymore. 
 
 And romance - I can say from personal experience that those'other' senses do matter. The connection was still there, but the desire kept slipping away as the totality of experiencing her crumbled bit by bit. Eventually it was hard to remember her soft, lilac scent, and the taste of the kitchen experiments she'd laughingly convinced me to try. And once touch went, it was just too mechanical - I tried, for her sake - made sure she kept that sense, longer than we should have, but... It's a weird feeling: wanting to, but receiving no satisfaction in it. 
 
 By the time things started getting repossessed, we knew. She moved back with her parents, I collapsed onto a brothers' couch. We still keep in touch, but so much of what we were... As much as we like to think, we're not enlightened emotional beings: we're rooted to our biology. And we were losing our sense of self, one dollar at a time. 
 
 The loss of a sense - excuse me, `` the consenting sale of a valued equity'' - did bring in money, of course. But it's a windfall, deliberately avoiding the crux of the problem: most people are not good with money - it's just too easy to spend. And sudden riches, after months or years of constant scrimping, with personalized advertising, a façade of optimism, and a pervasive consumerist mindset... I do n't mean to sound the victim, but debt is just so damn easy to drown in now. 
 
 They say you get 90 % of your information from sight - I do n't know, it's probably some pop-science number pulled out of a hat. 
 
 But I suppose, then I'd be cutting out the worst of my reality - maybe just escape to a Baroque soundscape, I do n't know. 
 
 I stared, utterly fixed on the document before me. It was getting blurry as my eyes welled up. I'll remember that sight for a long time, I know that much. Deliberately, my mind gaping at the consequence, I signed my name. 
 
 `` You are aware of our policy, sir; what would you like to see before we begin?'' 
 
 I looked up at the man before me. He would be unremarkable if you were to come across him on the street, but that's just how good the augments had gotten. No doubt his vision was beyond 20/20 and extended to whatever parts of the electromagnetic spectrum caught his fancy. His skin was smooth too, certainly beyond his years - probably had the latest dermal wrap, with the added benefit of being able to control the intensity of any tactile input. Great for sex, I hear. The only reason I could even tell he had it is he looked 55 last time I was here. He gave a thin-lipped smile ( the augments did n't help there ). 
 
 `` I need a videophone, and a few minutes.'' 
 
 Phone in hand, I was suddenly alone. Desperately, noxious cloud of terror in my gut, alone. 
 
 I tried to compose myself, failing. Dialed. 
 
 `` Ellie... I'm sorry...''
