The sky had remained blue. It had felt alien, when so much had changed - more alien than the titanic dark hexagon glistening beneath the summer sun far up in the cerulean void. 
 
 Gyyshk squinted at that patch of darkness in blue, a splinter of sarcasm and disbelief lodged deep into his brain and then turned his attention back to the dromul. The creature writhed in his hands as he inspected it, suction cups trying to pluck at the carbonit weave of the technologist's skin. The little bastard was healthy, and probably simulated illness to get a treat. Dromuls were notoriously clever, even a bit too much for Gyyshk's taste - lose concentration and they're flattening out to slip between the skin plates, running amok untill the systems hit the ammonia spray. Three ganglions stretched across their oblong bodies, multi-threading to allow them their sonar navigation through the salty soil - a wonderous production of Hader Biotech labs, almost ready to integrate into the wild. 
 
 Patting the dromul on its side, Gyyshk released it, watching the animal slink into the glassy surface of the test site, and then stood up. The enclosure door shuttered behind him and Gyyshk wandered out, to fully bask in the heat of the Caspian basin. 
 
 The population seemed healthy, and he breathed evenly as the data from the inspection sifted through his fingertips, molecules of tissue and secretion particles deploying into synthassemblers grafted to Gyyshk's heavily augmented nervous system. He could practically feel the protocol from today's inspection congeal into neatly layered research reports somewhere behind his frontal lobe as the scattered combi-brain implants began gigafying it to the closest lab servers. 
 
 Though the analytical trance, Gyyshk smelled a visitor. 
 
 `` How's the dromules?'' 
 
 Uyygat was an archaist, it was evident even in his stench. With the DFC Consortium rolling out their new, cutting-edge visifiers, some - like Uyygat - had their teenage protest bloom into this silly retrocomm habit. Idly, Gyyshk wondered if the Zenerk Collective had some mirror form of such foolery... if they stopped their wild experiments with mycorize networks, and decided to, say, watch some television for a change. Well oh well, the War Eternal be praised - if the chief biochemist Uyygat wanted to *speak*, he would oblige. 
 
 With a cold hiss, Gyyshk's motorized faceplates vibrated, tensed on the thin miofibre stands, and then slid open, to reveal him smiling at his old friend. Uyygat's face had similarly shattered naked, and the chalky whitness of his skin glistened in harmonized synchornicity with the alabaster globules of the Hader Labs complex behind him, their forms hazing and pulsing from the day's heat. 
 
 `` Two weeks old and already hunting'', Gyyshk beamed, gripping his friend's outstretched hand. His head snapped to the enclosure. `` Not entirely successful, but they'll be a good pred for the system''. 
 
 `` You guys are sure keeping it up. Giving the zenerk a run for their money - and they got the Amazonian sinks to work with... Met Juuk the other day at the veear pools, she was so unpatriotically raving about their work'', Something sly and dark passed in the shade of Uyygat's face. `` If it was n't the p-phase, she would've gotten the needle, heh''. 
 
 Gyyshk waved his hand dismissively. For the Venerxt, biomolding and genefacturing had always took a backseat to their robotics and augmentation specialities, as well as cityscaping, and so everyone in the field, him included, always felt a bit too protective of their work in Europe and the Middle East. After all, they themselves were a testament to the venerxt chops concerning those technlogies. 
 
 `` Root-huggers, eh'', Gyyshk dusted his legs off. His transmitters were beating a frantic stacatto around Uyygat's infospace, but all he could pick up was basic vitality data and public stim-net outpourings about what he had for breakfast. The technologist grimaced slightly. Archaism was getting *old*, and he hated the pun. `` Who cares. P-phase ends in like, 10 years. By that time we'll have a stable ecosystem here...'' 
 
 Further accentuating the point, Gyyshk punched his friend's side slightly - hand mostly bare, talons tucked in. 
 
 `` With none of *your* help, obviously. Seriously, Uyyg, it's ten in the morning, are n't you supposed to be slaving away somewhere in Lab C with your stunted, glitchy Springsilence neuropal, on some useless DNA mockup that a zenerk could shit out in his half-brain sleep?'' 
 
 Uyygat looked hurt - the golden glow of printed optics inside his iris dulled in mock sadness. He motioned Gyyshk to stroll with him, and the two men left the test zone. Stepping onto a narrow concrete path, they moved towards the lab complex, and Gyyshk basked in the bleak, roiling sun, the carbonit scales of his smart-skin synching and splaying upwards to dissipate the heat. 
 
 `` Ah, Gyyshk, the person with an audacity to insult an AI. Tell me again, how did you even graduate?'' 
 
 `` They were smitten by my looks, of course. The rugged charm of a w-phase veteran, the mighty glial fusions on my combi axons, the scars?'' 
 
 This time, Uyygat laughed. The technologist, for all his introversion, was good with linguistics - and he enjoyed it with people nowadays. 
 
 `` That's why I'm here. Thought that we could take a jet to Dubai some evening, hit the arcologies. You know the routine - substances, stim-net, maybe a few zenerk females to make things lethal enough to upload a backup?'' 
 
 Gyyshk knew. He knew precisely the substance - the black, tar-like ooze coiled in his stomach, infiltrating the systems, pumping the interweaving flesh and augs, the thought-broadcasts and gigafy streams with an insatiable urge. It was always within him, dissolving into an aerosol poison with every burst of pheromones and breath, interlocking them within an evolving, inevitable solution. 
 
 Ten years until the end of p-phase. With their current lifespans, it was, in all honestly, a flicker. Everyone felt the taste of the *W* on the tips of their tongues and fingers, earning to blossom beautifully and violently in a symphony of overclocked adrenal glands. 
 

