Her scream pierced sharply through the drone of non-stop rain, a multitude of birds, shocked, quickly chased off into the dark night that shrouded the forest. The rain beat down all around as she dropped to her knees, screaming again. He stood across from her, staring, still and silent. His black suit mottled against the black abyss of the sky over the edge of the cliff behind him. The trees blew slightly in the breeze, all the while sodden with rain. She screamed again. 
 
 Looking at him as blood and tears ran down her face; she knelt hysterical, howling and crying before him. She pounded her face and the muddy ground with her bloody fists, screaming curses and wishes to wake up. She remained; alone on the pitch black edge of the world. 
 
 `` Why?!'' she screamed, crying all the while. `` Why me?! What did I do?! Why me?!'' Lightning crashed down into the ocean, not far from the edge but unseeable through the fog and the rain. The dark figure stood, stock still, his face was blank and bore no facial features at all. He had no nose, no mouth, no eyes. Just a solid chin that stuck out from his tie. His arms were long, longer than a normal man's, he held his hands down by his sides, the tips of his fingers reached past his knees. Nor did he breathe, and seemed unaffected by the rain. Unmoving he stood, waiting, noiseless, staring at her. 
 
 Hysteria turned to wrath, as she brought her head up and stared hard at the figure, the figure who had forced her here to the brink of the world. Slowly and painfully she stood to face him, cursing and shrieking with fury with each agonising movement. Holding her broken arm she staggered up at last, her torn clothes flowing in the wind. Sobbing as she stood, whimpering at the pain coursing through her. 
 
 `` I will kill you! I hate you! Go to hell!'' She screamed, blood running down the corners of her mouth. She inhaled deeply before taking a step toward the figure. Another lightning bolt struck the earth close to them, for a brief moment the world went white and blinded she staggered, almost falling. The roar of thunder, like dragons waring in far off lands, snapped her back into reality. She blinked and looked again; in that split second he was now next to her. Still silent he now stood less than a metre away from her. 
 
 Her wrath very quickly turned to panic as her world quickly started dissapearing. Stumbling and lightheaded, she once again found the floor, at the feet of the man. Her world crumbling as she started flitting in and out of conciousness, no longer sure of what was real. All she could hear was deafening white noise than now, for what seemed like an eternity, clenched her mind and stripped her of thought. 
 
 He let her lay a few moments, fitting and screaming as her world came to a deafening and blinding end. Still not moving a muscle, he stood, staring straight in front of him, deep into the forest. Silently he waited, standing over her body. Another bolt of lightning struck the overlook and with the blinding flash, both of them were gone.
