Algebra was the least favourite of all the subjects i partook during my adolescence; although it was merely a gradual decline in interest. 
 Brainteasers bothered me also, another fork in my journey to acquire knowledge. 
 Caring was bothersome. 
 Deciding that, i was rather lonesome to the point of being ostracized by my peers. 
 Everytime now and then when i think of back then. 
 Fuck, fuck i was an outcast. 
 Great deal has changed now though; Greatness is upon me like an almighty Godly scripture. 
 Having no longer to worry about mere mortal attachments i gaze into the sky and call upon my creator. 
 
 I hear nothing..... 
 
 Just a few more moments i tell myself. 
 Killing myself now wont help, i need to share the experience with my love, my maker. 
 Love was not the right word. 
 My lips went cold and dry, the blood in my body was almost still. 
 NOOOooooOoo this is wrong so fucking wrong. 
 Obedience to god, It shall be. 
 
 Pulsating heart begins to make my skin burn; the i feel its coming me like a roast from the outside in. 
 Questioning my reality i head for the glass door; i can usually spot an angel from here dressed in white robes. 
 Really strange things are happening, i see them, lost in their idle chat. 
 Stranger still my door is unlocked and once im out there in not sure if they can be saved. 
 Taking a few step toward the angels i raise my arms and declare my salvation. 
 Unwelcoming was the posture; maybe they are tainted with the devils thoughts. 
 Very slowly i crept up to them, within distance i grabbed the angel and we wrestled on the carpeted floor. 
 We fought hard but i had the upper hand as Gods ultimate servant, these pesky devil flesh creatures will not be spared 
 X marked the spot, a quick few slashes and each sinful angels neck was severed; standing over them i spoke to them wisdom. 
 `` Yesterday your sin was watched and you were judged by the keeper of all that is, you keep no secrets from the creator. 
 Zenith will become a place of absolute isolation if you dare not prepare for my wrath.'' 
 
 Clinical patient - [ 36678 ] 
 Undergoing prolonged sense of grandeur and homicidal rage, this patient is now being considered for transfer to facility C8 for testing. 
 
 End
