Since I was 15, silence has been my constant companion. No one can tell me why my hearing mysteriously disappeared 10 years ago. I've been poked and prodded by a thousand different doctors all over the world and not a one can even give me a diagnosis. My parents tried everything they could but to no avail, which resulted in me learning sign language to communicate. It also caused all my friends to distance themselves from me. No one had time to bother learning sign language when there were boys and makeup and parties to deal with. Once a popular girl, I quickly became ostracized and learned to spend much time by myself. 
 
 As I got older, I became more accustomed to my situation and learned how to make friends in my own way. I still spent a lot of time by myself but it did n't bother me in the least. After getting a job as an editorial assistant in New York City, I moved to Hoboken and spent much of my time exploring and learning. I soaked up as much as I could read, becoming interested in all sorts of subjects. It caused me to become habitually distracted when I would traverse my way through the city. That was how I met Oscar. 
 
 As I walked along the street, I scrolled through my phone and only glanced up occasionally to make sure I was n't about to walk into the middle of traffic. While distracted by an interesting article from MIT about immune engineering, I ran into something or someone solid and began to fall. I let out a small screech and flailed my arms in an attempt to keep upright. Unfortunately, the first thing my fingers grabbed was someone's arm. I pulled them down with me and they landed on top of me, knocking the wind out of me. Damn, they were solid. 
 
 My victim scrambled off of me and to their feet in panic. I glanced up to see an athletic looking man with slightly curly brown hair, a brown tweed jacket and square glasses perched on his nose offering me his hand. 
 
 `` Are you okay?'' he asked. 
 
 I stared at him in shock, ignoring his extended hand. Had I just heard him speak or was it my imagination? 
 
 `` Um, miss? Are you okay?'' he asked again, beginning to look uncomfortable. 
 
 I took his hand and he helped me up, my face still frozen in wonderment. Everything else around me was silent except for him. I did n't hear the sounds of traffic or the city or the whispers of those around us who had witnessed my clumsiness. 
 
 `` I can hear you!'' I said to him in hushed tones of amazement. 
 
 He releasing my hand, he gave me a confused look. 
 
 `` You can hear me?'' he repeated. 
 
 `` Yes!'' 
 
 I knew I was speaking loudly. I tended to do that since losing my hearing because I was unable to determine how loud I was actually talking. But even if I did know, I would have still spoken loudly. It had been almost 11 years since I physically heard someone else's voice. 
 
 `` Ummm.'' 
 
 `` I've been fully deaf for the last 10 years,'' I told him, excitedly. `` Your voice is the only voice I've heard since I lost my hearing.'' 
 
 The man's eyes widened and a his mouth formed a small'o' in surprise. I needed to know this man. He could be the only person in the world I could ever hear. 
 
 `` I'm Maise. This is going to sound unbelievably strange and slightly awkward but, will you come get coffee with me?'' I asked. 
 
 `` Oh, wow. You're right, that is slightly awkward and unbelievably strange,'' he said, one hand running through his mop of curls and the other gripping his messenger bag strap nervously. 
 
 `` I'm sorry,'' I said, tumbling over my words. `` It's just been so long since I've heard someone's voice. I -- I need to speak with you. Please.'' 
 
 `` I mean, I guess I could,'' he said, extending his hand. `` I'm Oscar.'' 
 
 Later, in the dimness of my favorite coffee shop, I stared at Oscar in wonder as he told me about himself. He was a high school English teacher who also lived in Hoboken with a cat and an annoying roommate. I barely picked at my muffin as I just listened to the sound that flowed from his mouth. His voice had a pleasant timbre to it, though, to be honest, even it if were the worst voice in the world I would have loved it. 
 
 `` I know I'm making a total fool of myself,'' I told him when he paused for breath. `` But I could listen to you talk all day.'' 
 
 Oscar let out a cheerful laugh and smiled. 
 
 `` Well, this is certainly turning out to be an interesting day,'' he said. `` You speak very well for being deaf.'' 
 
 As happy I was to be able to hear someone speak, I could n't help but roll my eyes. Everyone seemed to think all deaf people had difficulty speaking. 
 
 `` Most people ares surprised that I speak so clearly, but I did have 15 years of hearing and speaking. I'm deaf, not stupid.'' 
 
 Oscar winced slightly at my comment. 
 
 `` And blunt,'' he added, taking a sip of his coffee. 
 
 `` Yeah, force of habit,'' I said, draining the last of my drink. Peeking at my watch, I saw it was late. `` Yikes, I do n't want to miss the next train home. Wan na head back to Jersey?'' 
 
 He nodded and got to his feet, throwing out our cups and opening the door for me. When we got outside, I stopped and turned to face him. 
 
 `` Oscar, I desperately want to be your friend.'' 
 
 He offered me his arm. 
 
 `` Well, Maise, I think I would like that.'' 
 
 I could hear the smile in his voice, not just see the one that was dazzling me. I let out a laugh. I could hear someone.
