Propaganda posters covered the wall above a single bed in one corner of the room, illuminated by the warm morning light shining through a large trapezoid window. On the bed lay a crumpled black t shirt and a rifle, its holographic sight still turned on. A pair of gray and khaki polymer combat boots stood on the metal tiled floor at the foot of the bed. 
 
 The wall opposite the posters was dominated by a large touchscreen above a white plastic desk, plugged into a white plastic cube. The three columns of data the monitor displayed changed as a woman hammered commands into the prompt below them. She wore nothing but black cargo pants and kneepads, their surfaces scratched from use. Her irises glowed faintly, spinning rapidly as she refocused on different data. Long brown hair fell past her shoulders. 
 
 A head sized UAV lay unmoving on the table, its chassis cut open. Several cables connected it to the white cube. Various sensors and transmitters had been removed from it and were collected in a pile at the end of the table. Beside them was a laptop displaying a CLI with an angular black wristband connected to it. 
 
 The woman continued scanning through the drone's memory, searching for what she needed. She stopped and clicked her tongue as a string of letters and numbers appeared in the third column. 
 
 She leaned across the table to pull the laptop and wristband closer. The laptop printed a page of text as she entered a command, decrypting the data she was looking for. She copied the files to the wristband and detached it from the laptop, fastening it around her left wrist. It projected a 3D map of the interior of a building, with several points marked by glowing cubes. Lines appeared and vanished, leading in different paths around the building. 
 
 The woman stopped the projection and swiveled off her chair. 
 
 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 
 
 It's really hard to write something with one character, one room, no backstory, and an activity that does n't lend itself to descriptions. Pulling a plaintext encryption key out of a UAV's memory is of course ridiculous, but it was that or a 3000 word cryptanalysis infodump. I'll avoid using that kind of thing as a major plot element in the future unless I can accurately describe the process without boring the reader. 
 
 I like the first paragraph, but after that it gets worse. From the first you can get that someone has recently gotten back from doing something with a rifle, and that person has propaganda posters all over one wall. It established the character fairly well without explicitly saying anything about her. 
 
 Throughout the whole thing the writing feels repetitive and sometimes disjointed. 
 
 All 319 words took 7 hours to write between 2 days which is absolutely ridiculous. 
 
 Maybe I'll write something about what that map is and why she wanted it.
