The wind blew through the fall leaves of the trees surrounding abraham j carver highschool, sherry blumpkin walked alone down the sidewalk in the cold autumn air. Cars darting by as she passed through the crowds of kids waiting to be picked up. There she was as it seemed just another ordinary kid by all appearances, this could not be further from the truth. What an awful day, today everything has changed, she had become an outcast in a matter of minutes, right when it all seemed so right the strangest event of Sherrie's life took place. It was 2pm free period and Duncan masserson the hottest boy in school slowly walked up to her, as cool as ice. She was hanging out with her friends dave Garcia and molly her neibor, duncan said'' hey want to ditch these losers and come be by girl''. Sherry felt so scared and excited she did not say anything. Duncan laughed, cooly, shaking his head and looking to the ceiling and then he said to no one in particular'' crazy chicks dude'' and then walked away to his lunch table. later samantha cawley had invited her to just hang with her and the others. Sherry was so happy, what a dream she thought now acceptance. she had always lived a lonely life as an only child and isolated by her parents, devout catholics who feared the secular world. The girls were all kissing boys under the bleachers and sherry had been invited, evidently Duncan Masserson the quarter back, wanted to make out with her. Sherry's heart was pounding and she was in disbeleif as she walked as in a dream with the cool girls to the feild. Duncan's cold blue eyes and peirced her almost with electricity. Sherry felt like jelly. The kids were all talking about the game last tuesday against Wilburry high. Duncan only stared at her and seemed disinterested in the others. A few minutes passed and then he siad'' hey take a hike dudes, I need some chill time with my babe'' Duncan moved right to her and pressed agianst hers, resting his hands lightly on her hips. She could feel the lean muscle of his body surrounding her. She looked down in fear, trembling with anxiety, he reached his hand down to her chin and pulled her face to meet his in a powerful kiss. He began pressing closer agianst her, she could feel the coiled muscle of his jest against hers as he lifted her up and pressed her against the concrete wall of the dugout now his hands had found his way into her shirt and he could feel his warm hands firmly cupping her young budding breasts. She felt a strange pressure in her abdomen. She tried really hard to hold it in'' not a poop now she thought''. Then it got worse. She lost control, out of nowhere a hot dog slid out of her butt with a wet smack. `` weird that's never happened'' she thought. Still holding with all her strength. Duncan did not notice. Then another shot out this time with procectile speed. Absorbed in his amours entanglement, duncan once again did not notice. Stumbling over it, he remarked `` nerds leaving hotdogs all over babe I will have to pulverize them'' All of a sudden the pressure became too much to bear, she let go lost control a machine gun like burst of hot dogs began shooting out of her she could not stop it. The Duncan yelled `` what the heck dude'' looking at her with a look of shock and revulsion she would never forget and retreating from the expanding pool of hotdogs on the floor. `` you're a freak'' He sneered as he ran towards the school. All day there were whispers in the halls, Sherry had sunk to an ultra social low and now her old friends would not hang out with her because she rejected them to hang with the cool kids. It seemed like it was all over now. They called her weenie bitch, and hot dog bozo. She could scarcely make it through the day. 
 
 How could today have been so crazy. As she continued down the walk under the gray cold autumn sky, a black limo pulled up even beside her. A a man with curious sunglasses leaned out and said you are not a freak, come with us we can help you we know you're secret. `` NO'' yelled sherry as she ran panic-ing into the woods by the street. `` i know you sherry'' called the man, `` you are not alone''. she ran home running wordlessly past per parents in the kitchen leavign a trail of hot dogs behind her. `` what in the name of goodness are these young lady'' cried her father after her. She slammed the door and barricaded it with a dresser. She could here her parents yelling and pounding on the door. She sat and cried all night long as hot dogs leaked slowly from her butt hole. The feeling of utter hopelessness. 
 
 
 to be continued
