`` 2 years, 9 months and 12 days. I keep a calendar in my kitchen. Have you seen my kitchen? I just had it renovated, third time this year.'' 
 
 Tony Hark; billionaire, playboy, philanthropist, and former CEO of Hark Industries sat across from Billy Woodel; 5th grader from Sundale Elementary School. Billy tried furiously to write as fast as the man was talking, but he kept getting distracted by all the MetalMan armor displayed around the room. A MetalMan glove re-purposed into a lamp on the one end table. An actual helmet sitting on the other end table. And best of all, ten original MetalMan armored suits in glass tubes on the far wall. Even the original one from when he defeated FrostBite back in 2018. 
 
 `` You said 5 months right?'' Billy said without looking up from his paper. 
 
 `` Nine. It was nine months. Try to keep up kid.'' Tony stood up and grabbed two thick books from a box next to the couch. He placed one book in front of Billy, `` this ought to help. Read this and then call my assistant if you have any more questions.'' Tony placed the other book in front of Billy's mother. He pulled a pen from his jacket pocket and wrote a phone number on the inside of the book, `` you can call me anytime. This is my personal number.'' 
 
 Billy's mother tried to feign a smile as she picked up the books and motioned for Billy to stand up. `` Let's go Billy. We can do your report on someone else. Maybe CatMan is still available!'' `` But Logan is already doing CatMan!'' Billy whined. His mother kept pushing him out the door, `` We will find someone, anyone, else honey. Get your jacket.'' 
 
 Tony watched as what may have been his last fan was hurried out the door by his mother. 2 years, 9 months and 12 days since he was hero. He had been ordered by his doctor to stop wearing the suits. His lungs just could n't take it anymore. 
 
 He missed being MetalMan. When he was a hero people would let his terrible personality slide. Now he was just another rich asshole with 2.5 billion dollars worth of useless superhero tech on his walls. Oh, he still put the suits on once in awhile. His butler came into the lab one time to see MetalMan surfing /r/JusticePorn on his 70'' projection screen, a video of a mall cop tazering a deserving woman blaring at full volume. This is what he was reduced to. 
 
 The government had offered to buy his suits. Use them for national security. The problem was that Tony did n't trust them. He did n't need the money anyway. 
 
 Tony sat back down on his couch and poured himself another glass of Bowmore 25 year old scotch. He glanced over to the MetalMan helmet on the end table and put down his glass. Holding the helmet sent a wave of nostalgia through him. He placed it onto his head and heard the still familiar *click* as he latched it into place. Tony sat there in his $ 150 Armani jeans, $ 75 Affliction shirt and a $ 1.3 million helmet, picked up the remote and flicked on the TV. Just another day in the life of MetalMan.
