Bron approached the magician's keep, a teetering stone minaret that jutted out of the landscape. He sighed and dismounted his horse walking the rest of the way to the great portcullis that yawned black and foreboding at the towers base. 
 
 He tied his horse to a post by the water trough and entered. 
 
 Inside was a vast foyer hewn from dull grey rock, the air was musty and foted, the atmosphere bleak and oppressive. 
 
 Haltingly, Bron crept further into the bleak space. It was illuminated by faint, greasy torches mounted in the wall sconces, a murky yellow light that gave his flesh an unhealthy pallor. 
 
 Through the gloom he could make out a kind of path, marked out by lengths of rope suspended between small metal bollards. The path zig-zagged sharply on itself, forming a strange corral. 
 
 
 Bron followed the serpentine path up to a strangely ominous box set into the wall. A sheet of linen hung across some manner of partition. When Bron reached the box is zipped up suddenly with a `` Pfftzzip!'' startling him. 
 
 It revealed a kind of counter, behind this counter was a small, nebbish, bored looking man who regarded Bron with deep-set, melancholic eyes. 
 
'How can I help you today, sir?' The man asked with a sonorous drone. 
 
'Are... Are you the magician?' Bron asked warily. 
 
 The torporific man behind the counter repeated,'How can I help you today, sir?' 
 
 Bron blinked,'My village...', he ventured,'It's being terrorised by a frightful dragon! None of the Lord's knights have been able to slay the foul beast. I was told that only the power of a mighty mage can lay the monstrosity low. M'lord, you must help us!' 
 
 The grey man behind the counter sighed heavily,'Do you have a Draconian Identification form signed by your provinces master of bestiary?' 
 
'A what? M'lord you do n't understand my village is being-' 
 
'I'm afraid I ca n't authorise a dragon slaying with out the requisite Draconian Identification form signed by your provinces master of bestiary' the dusty little man interrupted. 
 
'M'lord, I do n't know what that is! You must help, please!' Bron pleaded, baffled. 
 
 The man behind the desk sighed again, and riffled beneath the counter briefly,'OK, sir' he began in a soporific tone. 
 
'The first thing I need you to do is to fill out this Draconian Identification form in triplicate with the exact size, weight, and wingspan of the drake in question in blue ink with the quill provided. Then I need you to go over to window B across the hall and have this form, The 17A Hex Authorisation Form, stamped and then you should fill it in with details of all dragon attacks that have occurred to your village in black ink, then turn it over and fill in your name, date of birth, and favourite songbird. Then, you should go to the other side of the hall and take a number and wait to be called to window F, where you will be asked to fill in the Alchemical History Index 22C with a comprehensive history of any and all potions that have been used in your village in the last 6 months. Please ensure you fill this sheet in with red ink using a black quill. After that return to this window and hand over the documentation I asked you to fill out and I'll then ask you to fill in a Conjuration 662AB Cosmic Health and Safety report on which you will note any pre-existing medical conditions, curses inflicted on your bloodline, or angry spirits seeking vengeance against you in red and blue ink alternating between words.' 
 
 The bland little man promptly dumped a hefty stack of parchment into Bron's arms,'Please have the forms completed by the end of the working day.' 
 
 With his baffling tirade finished the dusty man behind the counter pulled down the sheet of linen with a `` Pfftzzip!''. 
 
 
 Bron staggered under the weight of the parchment, muted and agape. 
 
'But... But I'm illiterate.'
