Remi was not the biggest, the strongest nor the fastest. He was never particularly talented but the one thing he did have was determination and the insatiable thirst to succeed. When he was born to a single mother that could scarcely put bread and milk on the table, he was raised humble. His shoes had holes in them but he did not complain for he had something to cover his feet while his mother labored on with rough feet calloused and dirty from working, walking and cooking. His clothes were ragged and kept together by countless patches and stitches sewn by his mother, from head to toe but he did not mind, for they were enough to keep the cold off of his back. So Remi grew with only the love given to him by his mother as a treasure. 
 As he grew older He had but one goal in life, to one day pay back his mother for all that she had given him. Remi throughout his life jumped from job to job always seeking to make just a few more dollars, just a few more pennies. He would go from 4am to 11am as a Timber faller; his arms became sinewy with deep crevices cut into his muscles. His hands became rough from the way the Axe would grind into the flesh of his palms at every strike he made at great Oaks and Fir ’ s. After the first torturous half of the day he would arrive promptly every day at 6pm to “ The Kings Restaurant ” he would wash dishes receive his punishment of scalding hot water on his hands, continue to scrub dish after dish until his shift ended at 10pm. For 6 years he continued this hellish lifestyle, for 6 years all he cared about was chasing the mighty dollar to one day have a brighter life. To one day have the American Dream that was attainable by simply shutting your mouth, biting the bullet and working hard. 
 
 Year 7 came and Remi had built a small fortune he had worked tirelessly every day and had Built a home for his mother a beautiful 3,000 sq foot home with Spanish Architecture. He spoiled his mother with all sort of exquisite dishes from across the states. In the afternoons they would toil in the garden, no longer for need but simply to enjoy each other ’ s company and to enjoy the sun as it set in the horizon. Remi felt that he had done it, that he was living the dream then his mother collapsed. Her heart, the Doctors said, was failing her and without a new heart there wasnt much they could do. 
 
 So Lisa awoke after 16 hours under the knife she was once again conscious of her surroundings. The doctors advised her that the operation had been a success and that in a few months she would be up and about and that her new heart was working to perfection. After a few hours she was surprised that her son had not come to see her, her loyal and adoring son had yet to see how well his mother was doing. Oh all the things that they would be able to do, the garden that they could harvest in a few months. Perhaps after all these years she could finally talk him into finding a wife, for she wanted grandchildren to raise. Time passed on seconds turned to minutes and minutes to hours and still her son did not arrive.Finally she could stand it no longer, she called the nurse and asked for a phone so that she might call her son and give him a good scolding for not having visited her. It was then that the Doctor walked in and informed her that her son would not be able to see her, for he had given her the last gift he would be able to give. 

