For decades, scientists from the E.C.O. alliance have been studying the ecosystem of Aries-Centari-IV. By a freak stroke of luck, the earth-like ecosystem seems to have created life by and large much like earth, at least on the surface. Recently, however, new discoveries about the microbial life on the surface of the planet has stirred even more interest from the E.C.O. Many of them seem to have oxygen producing properties, which scientists hope that, with care, could be use to restore Sol-III to an at least livable T1 class planet, thus allowing the Terrans to recolonize. 
 
 “... ugh... more of this crap? ” a fairly young Octan woman shouted back towards the two men from earlier. 
 
 “ Ey shut up and get to work, this crap ’ s worth more than your flap. ” 
 
 “ Yeah, it ain ’ t easy getting this sludge with all those bugs out! ” 
 
 The Octan rolled her eyes, sliding the container off the table and lugging it into the back room of the ship ’ s laboratory. “ Hey Dimitry, we ’ ve got more slime to work with. ” 
 
 A short balding Terran in one of the large glass quarantine chambers left his work, quickly hopping into the hazard shower and stepping out to greet her. “ Ah, Rea! We ’ ve got more already? ” he shouted enthused. 
 “ Yeah. ” Rea snapped back sarcastically. 
 “ Huh, the expeditions are going faster than I expected... Come, let ’ s bring that sludge to the back! ” The Terran scientist Dimitry smiled as he helped the young Octan carry the large vat of mud into the quarantine chambers. 
 
 “ Let ’ s put ‘ er down here. ” the scientist spoke once more, as the two set down the containment unit. Gesturing to the nearby closet, the scientist continued “ It ’ s probably for the best you get a suit on before we head in there.'' 
 
 Rea walked over to the closet, and quickly grabbed a hazmat suit that appeared like it would fit her. It looked like it would be a little too large, but to be honest it was to be expected. Research fields in the modern days of the E.V.O. were very integrated between the different races, anything besides a one-size-fits-all for any of them was typically ordered beforehand. “ So, how ’ s the regeneration going? ” she asked Dimitry, whom was now hunched over the door ’ s opening mechanism, pressing his finger to the scanner marked “ TERRAN ”. 
 
 “ Ah, we ’ ve been working wonders since you last signed in for work, Rea. We ’ ve managed to revive some rather interesting specimens. There ’ s this one that- ” Sirens began to echo across the entire facility. “... shit. ” was all Dimitry could think to say as the glow of red sirens began to bounce off all the walls in the laboratory, before stopping a few moments later. 
 
 “... I take it that ’ s not a good sign. ” Rea quickly asked. 
 
 “ Your first clue was? ” Dimitry snapped back. Sighing, he continued “ Well, at least they got it contained, I ’ m going to go check on the damages. ” Pressing his finger to the scanner again, the door opened and he stepped inside. “ Go tell the ground soldier to stand by. We ’ re going to need backup if we created something hostile. ” Pressing a button on the other side of the door, it slammed shut, and Dimitry rushed deeper into the quarantine zone. 
 
 “ What happened?! ” Dimitry shouted as he stepped into the room that appeared to be where the incident occurred. One of the other scientists still visibly in shock, pointed over to the thick wall made of glass on the right side of the room. A couple of corpses adorned the floor. It appeared that despite their current wear, something had gotten through and offed them quite quickly. All of them seemed to be covered in green sludge. 
 
 Before Dimitry could ask any questions, a Arian scientist rushed up to him. “ Dimitry. I need to show you something. Now. ” Not wasting any time, the two rushed into the back of the quarantine area to a room filled with massive screens monitoring each of the testing rooms. Stepping towards the computer console at the bottom, the Arian quickly shoved the device into the bottom, typed out a few commands, and then unplugged it, as a holographic recording of the room they were just in appeared in between the two. 
 
 “... we were testing one of the specimens we had found with the most oxidizing potential. To see how it would react to the harsh chemicals in Sol-III ’ s atmosphere. Dimitry watched the holographic replay as two scientists stepped into the glass portion of the chamber, fully dressed in hazmat suits, and approaching a small petri dish with aerosol cans of various chemicals in hand. Spraying a generous portion over the dish, the microbes seemed to multiply at a rate visible to the unaided eye, as green sludge oozed over the top. The two scientists rushed away towards the door as two of the scientists outside of the chamber simultaneously pulled down on levers at the door of the room as all the other scientists rushed out. It appeared that this is what happened as the sirens went off. The building green residue exploded and splashed across the entire room, covering the two fleeing scientists as they began to scream, before dropping to the ground. 
 
 “... Cla... which cloned specimen was that? ” Dimitry quickly asked. 
 
 “ S-specimen AC4-219. Non-scientific name: Centaurian Pond Scum ” Cla quickly stuttered back. 
 
 “ Cla... we can ’ t let this get onto Sol-III. It ’ s going to kill everyone on the Committee. ” 
 
 Cla was quiet. Dimitry quickly spoke up. “... you already sent some off didn ’ t you? ” 
 
 “... three days ago. The drones should have arrived a few hours ago... ” 
 
 “... call the Sol base. If any of the local atmosphere leaks in they ’ re going to have a lot more to worry about than a fire hazard on their hands. ” 
 
 Cla nodded, as she immediately made a beeline to the console, starting up the ship ’ s communication system. Dimitry rushed out the door towards the other rooms in the laboratory. It ’ d be for the best if the science lab was closed while they got things sorted out. Stepping by the room from before, the sirens went off again. Peaking into the room, Dimitry was able to see something shocking. In place of the scientists was nothing more than piles of bones, and a fairly large swarm of small gelatinous creatures were at the solid titanium door, slowly oozing their way through the microscopic cracks. Cla rushed out from the back room and behind Dimitry. “ Okay, change of plans. Tell the captain to sent out a rescue beacon. We ’ re going to have to evacuate. ” she shouted. Dimitry nodded, and the two rushed out. The weather outside was far from pleasant, as humid and warm as it was, but it certainly beat chancing it with the unnatural creatures from the lab.
