`` Surely my ability to time travel must disprove God, but why does it feel as I'm battling God himself?'' By this point, Sebastian had known the time by the millisecond, he'd known the distance in every system imaginable ( yes, including that stupid metric system ). He'd done it all: alerted the authorities in advance, closed off a lane, any road safety precaution you can name, he tried it. 
 
 He drifted off into a memory of his original self, he no longer considered himself to be his actual self around the 35th copy. The setting was a wet, sharp hairpin turn with a flooded ditch ( about 35 ft of water he estimated ) and in it: a green mini-van submerged with a little 8 year old girl strapped in by her seatbelt. He remembers seeing the little bubbles rise to the surface, he knew what is was, it was a child's last cry for God, that the parents always said he'd be there for her. `` The rains were unpredicted, yeah. But what was so urgent that they needed to speed through heavy rains into that corner?'' Unfortunately his time traveling abilities were held back to only moments and places in time that he lived through, he could n't for as much as he wished, stop the family from going into the van. Originally he felt it his fault; even though he had been driving carefully and distanced himself, had he not been there it would've been an extra lane for space in the turn. After his first 12 attempts of him not being there he dismissed his blame, and for a while thought about quitting the rescue as it was this not-so-guilty guilt that had haunted him so many nights. `` No no no you bastard, you came here to save her not your conscious.'' 
 
 Though he never knew the girl, he knew he just fucking knew that she had something great to live for. And this time he was more prepared than ever. He looked at his watch, `` 3 minutes till.'' He wondered if any drivers passing by found it odd that a guy was standing out in the rain, but he knew there were more crucial things on their minds; like getting home. It was a date, that he was originally on; he'd gone to the movies with his girlfriend and watched Infinitely Polar Bear, he kissed his girlfriend on her forehead and hugged her at the end, he was always a sap for the movies. `` I hope she understands'' he thought to himself as he took one last swig of his hot chocolate and had a quick thought of his grandmother ( she always made the best hot chocolate ). In 35 seconds that green van was coming full speed ahead after rushing to beat that yellow light. He recognized the poor faded yellow headlights as soon as it turned the corner. His heart pulsed and his eyes grew, he knew all the variables; and as long as long as the van did n't hit him on the way down, he could save her. And all within 5 seconds, the tires screeched and battled the water, the mini-van broke through the guardrail, and the loud splash the van made into the water. `` I'm alive in 41 different dimensions, she deserves to be alive in at least one of them'' and he dove straight into the brown muddy waters like an Olympic swimmer off their starting position. He was more than ever this time, to pay the ultimate price.
