`` Perhaps...... perhaps we made a mistake?'' I asked tentatively as the'doctor' for that was the only word I could use to describe the being before me politely pacing around the office. They seemed deep in thought about something but I chose not to ask what. 
 
 The'doctor' briefly glanced in my direction with those eyes of his before scoffing `` Nonsence! They needed to know better now than slowly trickling the information to them over years with their scientists trying to disprove it and their religions all denying it fools the lot of them!'' He made a grand sweeping gesture around the room before motioning to me with that twinkle in his eyes that bordered on cruelty `` You and I, we gave them the means with which to see and they can never unsee it, never deny it and they never will! A gas which makes viewing the soul possible! To see, to feel it's presence and the fact that the effects are permanent makes it all the better.'' 
 
 The sick bastard was enjoying this it made me want to be sick but I held it in, showing weakness in front of one such as this was a bad idea. Why had I agreed to this? What possessed me to think that this was a good idea? 
 
 While these thoughts plagued my mind'it' continued `` Is it not amusing though millennia of evolution and that which rules the planet is not even able to truly associate with it in any way? To truly feel at peace? To feel like they belong! A mistake a one a billion miscalculation or wrong judgement and the one thing that they told themselves heheheheehahHAAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAAA..*pants*..that... heheh..they were....hahahaha... one of a kind. That they were special, OH it's too rich!'' He shook his head as his body stopped shaking wiping away a tear of malicious mirth from'its' eyes. 
 
 I should n't have helped him. I really should n't have done it. It was a mistake that was making itself far more known to me than ever before. I tried to distract myself from his ramblings by taking a drink from the cooler in the corner all the while he continued to rant about all of this. 
 
 As I finished pouring the contents into the plastic cup and took a sip'it' had calmed down some and glanced over at me lazily. That was perhaps the scariest thing in all honesty about the'doctor' the range of emotions but something was off about the way he was looking at me now `` But you know, they're gon na want more answers eventually...'' A dark grin was forming on his face as he continued `` Humanity has this thing about wanting what we ca n't have... what we lack...'' 
 
 I was begining to feel a bit hot the words he was stringing together not making much sense to me anymore as the room began to warp and bend I toppled over onto my back staring up at the ceiling. The'doctor' walked into my field of vision as it began to go dark....I wish he had n't, I really do. The look in'its' eyes was hungry and then it spoke one last time before all faded to nothing `` You'll be `` helping'' us again dear friend....just....in a how shall we say a more hands on demonstration of the soul...'' 
 
 I.....should n't...... have.....trusted....Humans.
