`` I've come to you because you're the best'' said Mr Kojitsu. We were travelling up to the penthouse suite of the awesome team HQ, otherwise known as AT. `` It's true, we are the best in the business'' I arrogantly said as the team leader of AT. 
 
 Mr Kojitsu was a big deal. He was the head of Sojuwa Corp, the biggest company of all time. I knew he had a big problem because I've only ever spoken to him on videophone before but in this case a phonecall would n't have sufficed. 
 
 When we reached the top, we took a seat on the balcony overlooking epica city, 200 floors up. We admired the view for a brief period but it quickly took a more serious turn. `` I need you to do a job for me'' Mr Kojitsu said breaking the silence. I clicked my fingers and my assistant came over with a notepad ready to take notes. `` You've heard of candy X, right?'' he said, with some trepidation. `` Sure... It's the most powerful treat of all time'' I said, following on with `` But it's just a myth... right?''. Mr Kojitsu proceeded to show me photos taken by a spy of a baby with the candy, the baby was none other than the dark overload Krons. 
 
 `` When the baby becomes of age, it'll eat the candy and become the most powerful villian of all time, we ca n't allow this.'' said Mr Kojitsu, who had spent a lifetime restoring the land of Japonia after the great Kron war. `` I need you to steal that candy from the baby''. `` No sweat, it'll be like taking candy from a baby!'' I knew Mr Kojitsu found that hillarious as he was the dad joke champion, but this was no time for joking. 
 
 `` Awesome Team assemble!''. Like the Ginyu Force, we had our poses and positions locked down tight. The team appeared one by one. 
 
 Richard Miller - The one man army, one pink gun, one blue. 
 
 Ping Pong Bros! - Former doubles ping pong world champions, that happen to be cats. They now fight crime. Bats are gold plated, can hit a ping pong ball as fast as a bullet. 
 
 AlphaGirl! - A master in every martial arts known to mankind. Single handidly took down the dictatorship of koreonona N. 
 
 Twinsen the ball master - Wears a magic blue cape, mastered the ancient art of throwing a ball as a weapon. 
 
 LORD OF STEEL! - This is me, saved the best until last. the leader of awesome team. With the Viking gear and an epic looking sword that can cut through anything known to man. 
 
 We assembled in formation. I made sure the assistant turned on the smoke machine and the back lightning. I could tell Mr Kojitsu was impressed. He said `` Go forth, Awesome Team, and retrieve that candy!'' 
 
 Part 2 coming soon...
