Its a chilly night, colder than normal. I've walked around this road so many times before, except it feels different this time around. The air is still and there is n't a car in sight. Not surprising considering the time of night. 
 
 He told me to meet him there this evening. `` Odd.'' I thought to myself. I've known for years I could communicate with Bruno, but he's never asked for me to go anywhere to `` meet'' him. `` Oh, well. We've been together for nearly 10 years since I rescued him from that drain pipe near the park. No reason not to trust him now.'' 
 
 I continue my walk towards the park, thinking to myself the nature of the strange request. Bruno and I would always go to the park together to play. ALWAYS. Hardly a week went by where we did n't come here. It was home. For both of us. He'd tell me when he wanted to play and we'd walk over together and have the time of our lives together. 
 
 Approaching the park gate, I see that its locked. Not surprising considering its nearly midnight. Not really the type of time you bring you dog to the park. I hear a whisper in a low, gruff voice, `` keep walking along the fence.'' I ca n't tell where its coming from but its close. Its not Bruno's voice but it does n't sound like a human voice either. Something tells me to turn around and go home. `` No way'' I think to myself. This is my dog and I trust him. He wants me to play poker, and damnit, I'm playing poker. 
 
 I walk along the fence, albeit a bit more cautiously this time. After a minute, I see another gate. Not one I've used before but it leads into another park of the dog park for the bigger dogs. This one is unlocked and slightly ajar. A slight sense of apprehension overcomes me and I grab the handle. I pause, thinking the trust between a human and dog is as strong as you can find. `` Oh screw it. I trust my dog.'' 
 
 A couple steps in, it looks just like the small dog park next door. Full of picnic tables, half chewed toys and empty water bowls. I relax slightly being in a familiar looking place and step toward one of the picnic tables to take a seat. 
 
 `` Hi Kevin.'' 
 
 I turn around, stunned and frozen in place. It's Bruno. He's walking on his hind legs, holding his choke collar. He's not alone.
