Walid,

Thanks for your quick response. Let's schedule the demo on Monday at 10am CET / 9:30 am Irish time. Do you have a calendar link where I can add this to my calendar?

Looking forward to seeing Presidio in action!

Reply:
Dear Ola,

I apologize for the late response. Thank you for your understanding and flexibility. I’m available on Wednesday at 9:00 AM and Thursday at 10:00 PM. Either of these times would work well for me, so please let me know which one is more convenient for you.

Hi Walid,

In the interest of transparency I wanted to share with you that we have made a decision to move away from using Aptible as our hosting partner. This decision is not one we arrived at lightly, but after much deliberation it became clear this was the best path forward for us in terms of security and cost-effectiveness. We are very grateful for all of your support over the past year and are excited about the future of the product you’ve helped to create.

We will still be using a hosted platform, as we believe that it is the most secure way to store our users’ data. We have chosen Heroku as our new hosting provider because they offer a comprehensive and reliable infrastructure that we feel confident in. Their security features include: encrypted connections, strong access controls, regular backups, and 24/7 monitoring. They are also committed to keeping their infrastructure up-to-date with the latest security patches and regularly auditing their systems for any potential vulnerabilities.

By moving to Heroku as our hosting provider, we believe that we will be able to provide an even higher level of security and reliability for our users’ data. We are excited about this change and look forward to continuing to deliver a secure and reliable service to you all.

From: walid <walid@zain.net>
To: neil@neilstewart.me
Cc: "Davies, Richard" <Richard.Davies@jisc.ac.uk>; David Wilcox <davidwilcox@knowledgefutures.net>
Subject: Re: JISC Data Mashups project
Date: Wed, 29 Apr 2009 16:53:47 +0400

Neil, Richard and David,

Apologies for the delay in responding to your email. I have been away on holiday.

I am very keen to attend this meeting - we are doing a lot of work on mashups at Zain and would love to see what you are doing with yours at JISC. We are also interested in exploring partnerships with you guys.

My schedule is quite busy over the next few weeks but here is a list of possible dates:

29th April (today)
30th April
1st May
4th May
5th May
6th May
7th May
8th May
11th May
12th May
13th May
18th May
19th May

Correct sentence is : As our partner is not available any more to attend our meeting today, we request you to reschedule it for another day. Please let us know the possible dates when he will be free so that we can fix a new meeting date.

We are currently in the process of planning a second annual training session for our Sales Engineers.  The purpose of this training is to help our SEs learn more about our company, products, industry, and how they can be most effective when they engage with a potential customer or client.  I’m trying to schedule this training for sometime in May or June and would like to invite you to be a part of it.  We are looking at having this training session take place either in Boston, New York City, Atlanta, Washington DC, or Chicago.  The content of the training will include:

- Company overview (including culture, goals, etc.)
- Product Overview
- Industry Trends/Analysis
- Role Play Exercises
- Competitive Analysis

I am hoping that you would be willing to come and help facilitate the role play exercises.  We are also looking for a few guest speakers to talk about industry trends, etc. so if you are interested in speaking at this event as well I will gladly include you on our agenda!  The date(s) we have tentatively scheduled for this training session include:

- May 8^{th} and May 9^{th}
- June 12^{th} and June 13^{th}