The University of Groningen (UG) has appointed dr. Marjan van den Berg with a joint position as Assistant Professor in Materials Chemistry and Scientific Director of the Groningen Center for Materials for Water Quality, GCWQ. She will lead this multidisciplinary center and she will coordinate the research programme on Materials for Energy Storage and Conversion. The start date is 1 January 2018.

Van den Berg has a degree in Chemistry (cum laude) from Utrecht University. After finishing her PhD in chemistry at Eindhoven University of Technology, she did a postdoc at Harvard Medical School and the National Institute of Standards & Technology. She is currently Assistant Professor in Materials Chemistry at the UG. Her research focuses on two-dimensional materials for energy storage and conversion, especially their use as catalysts in water splitting and carbon dioxide reduction reactions.

The Groningen Center for Materials for Water Quality is a multidisciplinary center that brings together expertise of chemical engineers, chemists and biologists to address the global water problems of drinking water scarcity and water pollution. It focuses on developing materials for water treatment, monitoring and sensing. Van den Berg: “The center has brought together a dynamic team of young and enthusiastic researchers and I look forward to building upon this momentum.”

The development of efficient CO2 conversion technologies is urgently needed to reduce atmospheric CO2 concentration and mitigate global warming. Electrochemistry offers a promising solution, but the efficiency of electrodes has so far been limited by the sluggish kinetics of the reaction with CO2. In recent years, two-dimensional (2D) materials have emerged as attractive alternatives to traditional electrode materials due to their unique properties such as high surface area and electronic structure. In this study, we investigated the potential of 2D transition metal dichalcogenides (TMDs), an emerging class of nanomaterials with tunable electronic and chemical properties, for CO2 reduction. We found that TMD-based electrodes significantly outperform state-of-the-art electrocatalysts for CO2 reduction, with a more than 40-fold improvement in the efficiency of converting CO2 to CO. The improved performance was achieved by engineering the structure and composition of the TMDs to maximize the surface area available for adsorption and reaction with CO2. In particular, we found that nanostructuring the TMDs into thin films or nanosheets increases the exposed surface area, leading to increased catalytic activity for CO2 reduction. Further improvements in performance can be achieved by tailoring the chemical composition of the TMDs through alloying or doping, which modifies their electronic structure and enhances their interaction with adsorbed CO2 molecules. These findings highlight the potential of 2D TMD-based catalysts for efficient electrochemical CO2 reduction and demonstrate the importance of material engineering for improving their performance in this application.

Abstract:
    Two dimensional (2D) materials, such as graphene and MoS_{2}, are expected to revolutionize energy technologies. However, to enable their use in industrial applications, a major challenge is the scaling-up of production to match demand. While bottom-up approaches for 2D material synthesis show great promise, there are limitations with regard to scalability. On the other hand, top-down methods allow for efficient and large scale synthesis of monolayers by exfoliation. However, controlling the thickness and morphology of the exfoliated layers is challenging. In this project, we will investigate the potential of two approaches for regulating the thickness of graphene and MoS_{2} to obtain thin films with a defined thickness. In both methods we use an electric field to drive the separation of the 2D materials into monolayers. The first method utilizes electrostatic repulsion of like-charged 2D nanosheets, while the second method uses an electric double layer formed between a substrate and a 2D material to control the thickness of the deposited 2D layers. This project will contribute to enabling the use of exfoliated 2D materials in large scale electrochemical applications.

This paper introduces a series of strategies for engineering nanosheet electrodes, including modification of the morphology, surface texture, structure, and composition of nanosheets. These strategies can enhance the reaction kinetics as well as suppress side reactions, leading to high-performance CO_{2}-to-CO electrocatalysts with promising stability in alkaline media. In addition, nanosheets also show great potential for designing new bifunctional electrocatalysts for the simultaneous production of value-added chemicals from CO_{2}.

The top down approach to nanotechnology offers a flexible and direct method for the synthesis of a range of materials with precisely controlled dimensions and functionalities. The bottom up method involves the assembly of individual atoms into small structures (e.g., clusters, molecules) which then self-assemble further to form larger structures. In comparison, top down approaches involve breaking down macroscopic structures into nanoscopic pieces. Top down fabrication methods are thus very suitable for producing thin films, nanowires, and nanotubes.

Thin films can be fabricated using many techniques including mechanical exfoliation (peeling off layers), laser ablation, and electrochemical methods. Mechanical exfoliation is the most commonly used method to produce nanosheets due to its simplicity. A single layer of a desired material can be peeled from its bulk counterpart with adhesive tape or a Scotch tape, forming nanosheets. Although this process does not require complex equipment and has relatively low cost, it is difficult to control the quality of the sheets. For example, wrinkling and bending might occur during exfoliation. Laser ablation is another method used to produce nanosheets. It uses a laser beam to vaporize the desired material, which forms a plasma plume that subsequently cools down into nanoparticles or thin films. Laser ablation is known for its high efficiency and purity of the produced materials. Electrochemical methods can also be used for producing nanosheets by applying an electrical field across an electrolyte solution containing the desired material. The electric field creates an anodic dissolution at one electrode that removes atoms from the surface, resulting in a reduction process at another electrode which produces nanosheets. Electrochemical methods are known for their ability to control the size and shape of the produced nanosheets.