Marching Kingdom is a fantasy real time strategy game. It has all the features that you would expect in an RTS such as resource gathering, troop training and battle against other players. The setting is unique as it takes place in a medieval Chinese culture and it will have some Chinese inspired elements, including the main characters and their personalities.

The game’s plot revolves around a kingdom called Xianfeng who are at war with their neighbouring kingdoms over territory. Their leader, a powerful man named Xuanzang, is trying to expand his empire by force but he faces resistance from other kingdoms such as Zheng and Liang which have formed an alliance against him. The player takes control of one of these three factions (Xianfeng or Zheng/Liang) during their struggle for dominance over Xianfeng’s land.

In fact, we do have the same word in Japanese.

It is 哲学 (てっせつ). It literally means philosophy, but it also means wisdom, or reason. It can be used as a noun and an adjective.

As for the English translation of 哲学, it could be “philosophy” as you know, but sometimes people use “wisdom” instead, especially when they say something like “哲学的な考え方 (てっせつてきのかんがえはわざり)”, which literally means “philosophical thought”.

Marcher Kingdoms is a new medieval multiplayer strategy game from the developers of the award winning 'Warcraft' series. The game combines the strategic depth of classic turn-based wargames with the tactical combat of roleplaying games to create an exciting and engaging experience for players of all ages. In this game, you take on the role of a noble lord charged with expanding your territory and defending it from hostile forces. You must manage your resources carefully, construct buildings, raise armies, and research new technologies as you struggle to carve out an empire in the harsh medieval world. With its deep gameplay mechanics, stunning graphics and immersive storyline, Marcher Kingdoms is sure to captivate players of all ages.

I understand the meaning of marcher but what about marcher kingdom? Is it simply a frontier region? Something like an outpost of a bigger empire (or maybe a city-state) established to secure borders from hostile tribes or other potential invaders? Or is it some kind of special form of fiefdom held directly by the king and not from any other lord?