Dust particles are a very small in comparison to the size of any space craft. In addition, space dust is not nearly as dense as dust here on Earth. The dust in space tends to be spread out much farther apart than typical earthly dust. Therefore, the risk of collision with intersteller dust is low, especially for near relativistic and relativistic speed spacecraft.

I think that for small ships you could use a number of layers of very thin material. I read recently that when you have two layers of glass, which is 90% transparent, if you put the layers with their transparency at right angles to each other, it will block virtually all UV. A ship might use this technique in a layer around the outside of its hull. It would be light weight and give excellent shielding against low energy radiation. For higher energy radiation such as neutrons or gamma rays, you could use materials such as boron carbide which is very dense (2.48g/cm3) and has a high thermal conductivity. The problem with this method of course is that the ship would need a lot of this material to be effective.

Dear Instant,

The most important thing about this question is that the character should be able to withstand his own power. A mage could not use spells which would cause more damage than he could withstand without killing himself. In addition to this, any damaging effects of a spell are subject to a resistance check (as per the SRD), and only a portion of that damage is dealt to the victim. It’s also important to note that there are magical healing abilities that allow one to recover from some kinds of damage instantly. For example, a character with 60 hit points who takes 40 fire damage would take 20 points of damage normally, but if he has the ability to resist fire or regenerate from fire damage, he might not take any damage at all.

I think you mean "reactor" not "reatervistic". Also, it would be more like an ablility for the ship to make repairs itself. Ships with FTL drives are usually very small, and even a large repair bot is probably too big to fit aboard.

I'd think that the first action would be for them to try and rescue the craft. But if they can't do that, then I suppose the most important thing would be to decide whether or not they should use some kind of force to retrieve it, because it might potentially damage other spacecraft or objects in orbit around Earth. If there is a danger to life and property, then I think that using some kind of force would probably be necessary. But if there isn't any immediate threat, then I don't think that force should be used unless absolutely necessary. In this case, the most important thing is probably for the international community to work together to come up with a solution to the problem that doesn't involve using force.

So the only possible solution is to send out a 'probe' as soon as possible. This probe would be a self contained emergency unit, with enough power and propulsion to make it to the craft within 24 hours. Upon arrival it would deploy a number of devices, cameras, sensors, radio transponders etc. that would relay information back to base on the condition of the crew and ship. It could also beam out some basic images and data to aid search efforts.

The probe itself could be as simple as an enclosed airlock with enough power to send out a transponder, or could include all sorts of equipment including life support systems. Obviously this would have to be made cheaply, so it is possible that these probes could be designed for mass production and use in future emergency situations.

Last edited:

[INDENT=1.5][COLOR=#0080ff]It was lost for a long time and now it has re-emerged as it's crew slowly awakens from their cryostasis. A strange noise is heard in the background, beeps and other electronic noises echo through the room. It appears that the ship is slowly dying. The computer is making attempts to revive the ship but there is not much response. Soon after the crew begin to re-emerge from their cryo-chamber. One by one they wake up and they notice the strange noise and lack of control over the ship. They soon find out that the computers are no longer functioning, for some reason it appears that someone has attempted to delete the entire operating system of the ship.

The crew begins to panic but their captain, who is a computer whizz, knows what he needs to do to get the computers back up and running. The problem however will be finding the source of the virus that has destroyed the ships software. They begin their search through the ship looking for any signs of infection.[/COLOR][/INDENT]