According to a report by Grand View Research, Inc., the global permanent and semi-permanent hair color market was valued at USD 19.34 billion in 2016 and is expected to grow with a CAGR of 7.5% from 2017 to 2025. The global market for permanent / semi-permanent hair dye is dominated by the following 5 markets:

1. USA

The permanent/semi-permanent hair color market in the US was valued at USD 4.38 billion in 2016 and is expected to grow with a CAGR of 5.7% from 2017 to 2025. The growing demand for hair coloring products, increasing popularity of salons offering various hair treatment services, rising number of people trying to achieve the desired hairstyle, changing trend in fashion & lifestyle and increasing consumer spending on hair care products are some of the key factors driving the growth of permanent/semi-permanent hair color market in the US.

2. China

The permanent/semi-permanent hair color market in China was valued at USD 3.68 billion in 2016 and is expected to grow with a CAGR of 5.9% from 2017 to 2025. The increasing awareness about the benefits of using high quality hair care products, rising number of salons offering various beauty treatments, increasing disposable income of people and growing demand for personal appearance are some of the key factors driving the growth of permanent/semi-permanent hair color market in China.

3. Japan

The permanent/semi-permanent hair color market in Japan was valued at USD 2.5 billion in 2016 and is expected to grow with a CAGR of 3.4% from 2017 to 2025. The rising number of beauty salons offering various beauty treatments, increasing awareness about the benefits of using high quality hair care products, growing disposable income of people and changing lifestyle & fashion trends are some of the key factors driving the growth of permanent/semi-permanent hair color market in Japan.

4. Germany

The permanent/semi-permanent hair color market in Germany was valued at USD 1.93 billion in 2016 and is expected to grow with a CAGR of 4.5% from 2017 to 2025. The increasing demand for high quality hair care products, rising number of beauty salons offering various beauty treatments, changing trend in fashion & lifestyle and increasing consumer spending on personal appearance are some of the key factors driving the growth of permanent/semi-permanent hair color market in Germany.

5. South Korea

The permanent/semi-permanent hair color market in South Korea was valued at USD 1.32 billion in 2016 and is expected to grow with a CAGR of 4.7% from 2017 to 2025. The increasing popularity of salons offering various beauty treatments, rising demand for personal appearance & changing trend in fashion & lifestyle are some of the key factors driving the growth of permanent/semi-permanent hair color market in South Korea.

The main source for this information is my own experience. I have been teaching English to students at all levels for almost 10 years, so I know a lot about what works and doesn’t work in language instruction. The other main sources are research studies that have been conducted on the effectiveness of different teaching methods, as well as feedback from students and colleagues who also teach English as a second language.

The top five markets for men’s permanent and semi-permanent hair dye include: The United States, China, Japan, Germany, and South Korea. These markets are known for their growing demand for hair coloring products that cater to men. Men in these countries seek to improve their appearance by dying their hair with a variety of colors such as black, grey, brown, red and blue.

Sources:

- Statista: Hair Dye Market Share in the US by Country, 2016-2020
- Euromonitor: Global Hair Colorants Market Size by Region, 2019-2023

[QUESTION]Yes, hair dye is very popular in Brazil. According to recent estimates from Euromonitor, Brazil’s hair coloring market was valued at over $800 million in 2020. This makes it one of the largest markets for hair dye in Latin America and globally. Many Brazilians use hair dyes for both their scalp hair and facial hair to achieve a desired style or color. Hair dye usage is popular amongst men and women alike, with 39% of Brazilian men and 50% of Brazilian women using hair coloring products in 2018.[/QUESTION]