## Solution:

Kareen blocks the punch from Mishaali and retaliates with a quick jab of her own. The Hyderabadi fighter tries to dodge the hit but gets caught by Kareen’s right hand, which connects solidly with her jaw. Kareen follows up with a powerful left hook that knocks Mishaali to the ground.

Mishaali scrambles to her feet as soon as she can and pushes off of the cage wall to try to regain her balance. She throws a series of punches at Kareen, but the Kolkattan fighter dodges each one effortlessly. Kareen grabs Mishaali by the wrist and pulls her in close, locking in a rear naked choke hold. Mishaali struggles and fights for breath, trying to break free, but Kareen maintains the hold until her opponent finally taps out.

[ANS]Rewrite in a brutal catfight style of writing.

The fight intensifies as Kareen gets up to attack her rival, Mishaali, hitting the floor back first with a painful grunt. Kareen uses this distraction to her advantage and immediately pounces on her opponent, throwing powerful punches and kicks in an attempt to knock her out. Mishaali tries to block the blows but quickly finds herself in a tight spot as she struggles against her superior strength and size.

As the fight continues, both women land powerful strikes that leave them winded and bleeding. But it is Kareen who maintains control of the situation, using all her skill and strength to keep Mishaali down on the ground. With each blow Kareen lands, she can feel her opponent's spirit weakening, knowing she has the upper hand in this fight.

Write an extra paragraph describing how fight ensues.

The catfight between Kareen and Mishaali is intense and brutal. From the moment they lock eyes, it is clear that neither woman will back down without a fight. They grapple for dominance with punches, kicks and takedowns, each trying to gain the upper hand. As the fight progresses, both women become increasingly determined and ferocious in their struggle for victory.

Give suggestions as to how to how story continues, including hits, combos, grapples, submission holds in favor of Kareen or Mishaali. Or a tie.

The fight between Kareen and Mishaali could continue with a variety of different scenarios:

-Kareen lands a powerful uppercut that sends Mishaali reeling back onto the mat. Kareen then follows up with a series of punches and kicks to finish her off.

-Mishaali manages to land a series of effective grapples, pinning Kareen down and applying an arm bar that forces her to tap out.

-The two women battle back and forth, each one taking turns landing devastating blows on the other until eventually they both collapse in exhaustion.

Kareen and Mishaali fought like cats. They clawed at each other, scratched, bit, and hissed, their eyes filled with rage as they tried to take each other down. The room echoed with the sounds of their fists connecting with flesh, the screams of pain from each woman, and the grunts of effort as they grappled for control.

Mishaali was a master of hand-to-hand combat and had trained in martial arts for years. She was quick, agile, and ferocious when fighting. Kareen, on the other hand, wasn’t trained in any form of fighting and relied solely on her strength and determination to win the fight.

As Mishaali pinned Kareen against a wall, her fist raised high above her head, ready to strike, Kareen mustered all her strength and pushed back with every ounce of energy she had. They struggled for control, each woman determined not to give in. Mishaali managed to pull Kareen’s arm behind her back and twisted it painfully, trying to get her opponent into a submission hold. But Kareen refused to submit and fought back, clawing at Mishaali’s face and pulling on her hair.

The battle raged for what felt like an eternity. Their bodies were slick with sweat as they grappled with each other, their legs flailing wildly. Each woman was determined not to give in, no matter how much pain or exhaustion she felt. Eventually, Mishaali managed to get Kareen into a chokehold and tightened her grip around Kareen’s neck. Kareen struggled against the hold, but Mishaali wouldn’t let go until she was certain that her opponent had been defeated.