The formula for calculating the superheat of an AC compressor is as follows:
1. Calculate the temperature difference between the suction gas and discharge gas (ΔTs) by subtracting the suction gas temperature (°C) from the discharge gas temperature (°C). For example, if the suction gas temperature is 5°C and the discharge gas temperature is 30°C, the ΔTs will be 25°C.
2. Calculate the superheat by multiplying the ΔTs by 1.2. For example, if the ΔTs is 25°C, the superheat will be 30°C (25 x 1.2).

When using turbochargers for diesel engines, an increase in power is expected by increasing the volume of air supplied to the combustion chamber. The turbocharger is a device that uses the exhaust energy discharged from the cylinder to drive an air compressor and supplies compressed air to the engine intake port. As a result of using this, the combustion efficiency is improved and the torque increases. However, in order to effectively utilize the turbocharger, it is necessary to pay attention to various factors such as exhaust gas temperature, fuel injection pressure, oil temperature, and air-fuel ratio.
In low-speed diesel engines for ships that are used for marine propulsion, it is becoming increasingly difficult to obtain higher fuel efficiency and lower emission standards due to the increase in regulations. Therefore, turbochargers have become a major factor in improving the performance of the engine. When using turbochargers for 2-stroke low-speed diesel engines, there are various methods to improve their efficiency, such as optimizing the turbocharger system and improving the combustion efficiency. By implementing these measures, it is possible to increase the fuel efficiency and reduce exhaust emissions.

In this work, a simulation model was developed and validated to investigate the impact of the inlet air mass flow rate on the performance of an axial turbocharger with a single-stage compressor. The turbocharger performance data obtained from the experiment were used for validation purposes, and it was found that the model predicted the results well. A parametric analysis was then conducted to investigate the effect of different inlet air mass flow rates on the turbocharger efficiency and output power. The results indicated that increasing the inlet air mass flow rate led to a decrease in the turbine and compressor efficiencies, but it resulted in an increase in the overall turbocharger efficiency and output power. At low inlet air mass flow rates, the compressor efficiency was greater than the turbine efficiency, while at higher inlet air mass flow rates, the turbine efficiency exceeded the compressor efficiency. Overall, the simulation results suggest that increasing the inlet air mass flow rate can improve the performance of a turbocharger.