“Mercy!”

Tracer called out. She was always the first one to run off into the fray of battle. She had a tendency to forget the others and not look back until it was too late. Her partner, Mei, had already followed behind her, leaving Tracer’s best friend, Mercy, alone by themselves in the open field.

“Mercy!” Tracer called out again, growing louder each time she repeated. She could hear a few Overwatch heroes battling with the Omnic forces in the distance, but that wasn’t her concern at the moment. All Tracer cared about was making sure Mercy didn’t get hurt.

Mei had been trying to keep up with Tracer for as long as she could remember, but their heights and abilities were very different. As fast and agile as Tracer could be, Mei moved in a sluggish pace that seemed to drag on the ground behind her. She couldn’t move quickly or stealthily, so they had always needed Mercy by their side for back-up support.

When it came to battle, Mercy was the one who stayed behind and protected their teammates from harm. She didn’t fight much herself, but she provided a safe place for the others to stand while they focused on winning the fight. Tracer loved her dearly because of her selfless actions; if not for Mercy’s heroic abilities, they would have all been killed long ago.

When Mercy was with them, Tracer knew that they could take down any enemy force that stood before them. With their combined skills and power, no Omnic threat could possibly defeat them. However, when it came to a fight against the other heroes of Overwatch, Tracer struggled. She didn’t have much strength or stamina, and she was not very good at fighting in groups. But Mercy always knew how to help her out.

Mercy would heal Tracer’s wounds and protect her from any attacks that came their way. If anything ever did hurt Tracer, Mercy would quickly patch her up so that she could continue fighting without feeling any pain. Mercy was truly an incredible hero, and Tracer wouldn’t be where she is today without her by her side.

When Mercy fell during a battle against Widowmaker, Tracer knew that something wasn’t right. She had been trying to reach her friend for some time now but hadn’t heard any response from the other end of her communicator. Panicked and scared, she ran towards where she thought Mercy was but couldn’t find her anywhere. Suddenly, an evil-looking Overwatch agent named Sombra appeared out of nowhere and attacked Tracer with a vicious blow that knocked her to the ground.

She lay there for what felt like hours before finally coming too. When Tracer opened her eyes, she saw Mercy lying next to her on the cold, hard pavement. She was unconscious and badly hurt, covered in blood and bruises from where she had been beaten down by Sombra. Tracer rushed over to Mercy’s side, cradling her gently in her arms as tears welled up in her eyes.

She couldn’t believe that this was happening to her beloved friend. She didn’t want to think about how scared Mercy must have been during those terrible moments when she had been attacked by Sombra. Tracer vowed right then and there that she would never let anything like this happen again. No matter what, she would do everything in her power to protect Mercy from harm. After all, she was the best friend a girl could ever ask for.