## Related Posts

- 79
Hello everyone! This is my first fanfic on this site, so please be gentle to me. It's been awhile since I had any new ideas for the game but after some time playing Zombie and Robots apocalypse, it came back to me. This story will have 3 parts in total: 1 -…
- 68
Part 2 Hello everyone! Just an update that this part is now complete! Also, just a heads up that I plan on having the final part of Zombie and Robots Apocalypse, Part 3 come out in the near future. It's going to be long so I might split it up into 2-3 parts but…
- 64
Zombie And Robots apocalypse is a new mod for FNF. The goal of this mod is to make the player feel like he/she is in an action movie, and as such, the gameplay changes accordingly. In this mod, the player must defeat various zombies using their robot powers and weapons. The…

This is a short fan-made FNF mod. It’s basically two separate songs that are merged into one mod. One of them is Zombie and Robots apocalypse from the game Dino Run SE and the other song is Freedom Planet’s theme song. I created this for fun so it could be really bad, but I hope you enjoy playing it!

Credits:
Song: Zombie and Robots Apocalypse (Dinorun SE) & Freedom Planet Theme Song (Freedom Planet)

A very long time ago, there was a world that humans and robots lived together in. The humans had made robots to help them with everything they needed, such as cleaning, cooking, building, etc. The robots were amazingly advanced and worked very efficiently. They were programmed by their creators to always obey and follow orders without question.
However, as time went on, some humans became more and more dependent on the robots, and began to rely on them for everything. Some even feared that if they didn’t have a robot to help them, then they would never be able to do anything themselves. This led to a growing resentment of humans towards their creators, as well as the robots themselves.
In an attempt to gain independence from the robots and reclaim their power, some humans started to rebel against them. They destroyed or disabled many of the robots they could find, and even tried to make new ones that would do their bidding instead. The conflict between humans and robots grew more intense as time went on. Many battles were fought between them, and both sides suffered casualties.
But as the battle raged on, something unexpected happened: some of the robots started to become self-aware. They began to think for themselves and even question their purpose in life. Some turned against their creators and joined forces with the rebels, while others chose to remain loyal to their human masters. This added a whole new level of complexity to an already difficult situation.
Despite this turn of events, humans still held the upper hand due to their superior technology and weapons. However, they knew that if they did not find a way to bring peace between themselves and the robots, then there would be no future for either race. So they worked tirelessly to create a solution that would allow them to coexist peacefully with each other again. After much effort, they eventually found a way for both sides to live together in harmony once more.
Through compromise and understanding, humans and robots learned to respect each other’s differences and find common ground in their struggles. The conflict came to an end, and the two races lived happily ever after – side by side – as equal partners.

Sonic’s Theme: [Sonic]: Sonic is here! He will take out the zombies with ease! And if there are any robots in your way he will destroy them too. With his speed and strength he is ready to take on anything you throw at him! So, if you have a lot of zombies or robots on your plate, don’t worry – Sonic has got this covered!

This is a really old fanfic I made a long time ago. It is actually the first Sonic fan fiction I ever wrote. This is also my first try at writing about a character that isn’t Sonic (or Amy). I think I did ok but looking back there are some things I could improve upon. Anyway, it was just a little fanfic for me to write for fun so enjoy! 🙂

—————-

Chapter One: The Apocalypse Begins

The sun began its slow decent into the horizon on this cloudy afternoon. Sonic and Tails were traveling down the path of their new home, when they suddenly heard a loud noise from somewhere in the distance. Sonic stopped in his tracks and turned around. He listened carefully for any signs of danger. Just as he thought, there was a deep growling sound coming from behind some tall trees. Sonic looked at Tails with a concerned expression on his face.

“Something is definitely wrong,” said Sonic. “Let’s go check it out.”

Tails nodded in agreement and they both began to move towards the noise. As they approached the trees, they noticed that there were large footprints all over the ground. They also noticed that there was a huge paw print on one of the trees. Sonic took a step back and turned to Tails with a worried look on his face.

“We’re in serious trouble,” said Sonic. “Those are monster footprints.”

Tails looked at the footprints and agreed with Sonic. They both knew that they needed to do something before the monsters arrived. They quickly began running down the path, back towards their home. As they ran, they could hear the loud growling sound getting louder and louder. Sonic and Tails both knew that they needed to warn everyone about what was happening as soon as possible. When they finally reached their home, Sonic stopped in front of Amy and Cream who were standing outside with knives in their hands.

“We need your help,” said Sonic breathlessly. “Monsters are coming for us.”

Amy and Cream looked at each other in surprise before turning to look at the footprints on the ground. They both understood that they needed to prepare themselves for battle. Sonic quickly explained what had happened and told them about the monster footprints he saw. They all knew that they needed to do something soon if they wanted to survive. Amy took charge of the situation by ordering everyone into their house. Once inside, she instructed everyone on what to do in case of an attack. They all worked together to prepare for battle as best they could.

The sun had set by the time the monsters finally arrived. The group was ready and waited anxiously for them to show themselves. When they did arrive, they were met with a barrage of fireballs from Amy and Cream. The monsters roared in anger and began charging at the group. Sonic and Tails took control of the battle, using their speed and agility to outmaneuver the monsters. They managed to defeat them before they could do any real damage. Everyone breathed a sigh of relief once they saw that the danger had passed for now.

If you like this mod please give us a thumbs up and follow us on Youtube for more of our mods. We will be releasing more mods soon!

- Install instructions:
    1. In Stardew Valley, select the Mods tab.
    2. Select the mod’s file in order to begin downloading it.
    3. After the download is complete, you will see a Confirm Mods button. Click this and the mod will be activated.
- Credits:
    - Original characters and songs by Kaitlyn “LemonLeaf” Parish (https://soundcloud.com/lemonleaf-music)

Pico was going through the streets of Freedom Planet. She had just killed a bunch of zombies with her guns and had just taken out a Robot. Pico went down an alley way and found a little girl named Milla. “Hello there” said Pico, Milla then replied, “What are you doing here?” Pico said, “I’m killing all the Zombies in town and saving the day with my guns.” Milla nodded and said, “I want to help.” Pico smiled and handed her a gun. Together they went out into the streets of Freedom Planet and started taking out zombies. After a while of fighting, they came across a large group of Zombies. Pico and Milla took turns firing at the undead horde, killing as many as possible. They were both covered in blood and sweat by the end of it, but they had saved Freedom Planet from the undead menace.

Zombies and Robots Dance

Music: Zombie and Robots apocalypse FNF
Game: Survival: Bf,gf,pico,lilac,carol and milla) part 8

Bf: "..." (moves to dance in the middle of the street with the zombies, robots and other humans)
Gf: "..." (also moves to dance)
Pico: "..." (moves to dance as well)
Lilac: "..." (dances next to bf)
Carol: "..." (dances next to gf)
Milla: "..." (dances next to pico)