The Chinese translation for "The Velociraptor stalks its prey above the waterfall." is 恐龙速度抓食水坑上方. Here, 恐龙 (Xīlóng) means Velociraptor, 速度 (Sùdù) means velocity, 抓食 (Zhuǎshí) means to stalk and eat its prey, 水坑 (Shuǐkēng) means waterfall.

I just realized that 迅 means swift but so does 速, why would you use 迅 to translate Velociraptor if there's already another word with the same meaning? And why wouldn't you use "骇猛龙" (fearless dragon) to describe its fearlessness instead of just translating it literally as "raptor" and then adding some other Chinese characters that I don't understand like 迅猛龙 (swift raptor)?

Hi, I have a few questions. Firstly, do you think the Chinese translation is accurate? Secondly, if you think it's incorrect, what would be an appropriate translation? Thanks!

"迅猛狩獵為嬰兒龍" does sound correct to me. It means something like: "The Velociraptor hunts for baby dragons". I think that's pretty accurate, since baby Azhdarchids are known as 'dragon-like'. However, there might be a more literal translation of the phrase using more Chinese words. But overall, it sounds accurate to me!

Hi, I want to translate a sentence which says:

> She is the top predator of these forests.

It sounds like:

她是這些森林的頂級掠食者。

Is this a correct translation for this English sentence? If not, what would be an appropriate translation? Thanks in advance!

A literal word-for-word translation would be 'single horned wing dragon'. This is because the Chinese characters for 單 means single, 喙 means horn and 翼 means wings. Dragons are known for having several different types of horns such as a forehead horn or a spine horn and so translating this literally could potentially mean a dragon with only one horn.

We can use the same format as we used for translating verbal forms. We’ll start with the noun, then move to the adjective. The verb will be last, since there is no verb in this sentence.

Noun:

- 학생 [Haksaeng] = student
- 선생님 [Seseomnim] = teacher

Adjective:

- 사랑스러운 [Saranghseureoun] = lovely, beautiful