1. Be cool and laid back like SpongeBob.
2. Be very smart like Gordon Freeman
3. Be funny like Axel Stone.
4. Be sweet, kind and caring like Bugs Bunny.
5. Be brave like Jason Lee Scott.
6. Be good at science like Caillou.
7. Be calm in the face of danger like Ellis.

1. Walk into class like this:
2. Wave your hand and say this:
3. Sit down and take out your textbook.
4. Start writing an essay. If you are finished, raise your hand and wait for the teacher to call on you. If it’s your turn, read aloud what you wrote.
5. Ask a question if you are confused about something.
6. When you have a problem, go and talk to your teacher or a counselor. They might be able to help you solve the problem.
7. Pay attention in class. Take notes if necessary.
8. Be respectful of your teacher and classmates. Follow the school rules.
9. Work hard in all of your classes. Study for tests and do your homework.

1. Go to your favorite video making website (examples: ToonDoo, ToonsRus, Cartoonize, GoAnimate)
2. Make a character that looks like SpongeBob, Baldi, Tom Cat, Axel Stone, Bugs Bunny, Jason Lee Scott, Gordon Freeman, Caillou (GoAnimate), Ellis (Left 4 Dead 2), And Buster Bunny in school.
3. Put your character in a school setting and have them go to class. Have their teacher tell them that they should be paying attention and studying more. You can even add the fact that they're tardy, forgetting their homework, or being disruptive during class. Make sure you include your favorite subject as well!
4. Now that we have our character in school, it is time for us to show how much fun SpongeBob, Baldi, Tom Cat, Axel Stone, Bugs Bunny, Jason Lee Scott, Gordon Freeman, Caillou (GoAnimate), Ellis (Left 4 Dead 2), And Buster Bunny have in school. In your video, include scenes of them playing with their friends, eating lunch, doing extra credit, and even running to get a passing grade.
5. To make our SpongeBob, Baldi, Tom Cat, Axel Stone, Bugs Bunny, Jason Lee Scott, Gordon Freeman, Caillou (GoAnimate), Ellis (Left 4 Dead 2), And Buster Bunny video complete, we need to include the end. Include scenes of our SpongeBob, Baldi, Tom Cat, Axel Stone, Bugs Bunny, Jason Lee Scott, Gordon Freeman, Caillou (GoAnimate), Ellis (Left 4 Dead 2), And Buster Bunny characters getting their report card and celebrating their success.