Answer:
Hyperglycemia has been shown to lead to increased urinary excretion of both sodium and potassium. This is due to the osmotic diuresis caused by hyperglycemia, which leads to an increase in the concentration of solute in the renal tubules, resulting in an increase in fluid loss. Additionally, hyperglycemia has been shown to reduce renal function and increase sodium and potassium losses through urinary excretion.

1. Potassium level decreases during metabolic acidosis
2. Potassium level increases during metabolic acidosis
3. Potassium level is not affected by metabolic acidosis
4. Potassium level decreases if the H+/K+ exchange is increased.

Asthmatic Bronchitis

2. Explain what is meant by the terms “conflict of interest” and “fiduciary duty”. What are some of the ethical responsibilities you have as a nurse? How do you avoid any conflicts of interest in your work? Provide specific examples.

3. Explain how professional standards (such as those set forth by the ANA) can help prevent ethical dilemmas. What steps should nurses take to avoid ethical breaches in their nursing practice?

The case is about a 30-year-old female patient, who had been on anticoagulant medications for several months. She has been complaining about swelling in her legs and aches in her feet. On examination, the physician noted that she had mild peripheral edema and pitting edema of both her ankles and lower legs. These findings are significant because they indicate that there is excess fluid in the patient’s tissues, most likely due to the use of anticoagulant medications. The presence of pitting edema also suggests that the patient may be retaining fluids in her lower extremities and may have underlying venous disease. This finding warrants further investigation and treatment.

Hi,

You have a small amount of blood in the urine (haematuria) which indicates that there may be some damage to the kidney. A urinalysis and/or a kidney ultrasound will help determine if this is a short-term issue or something more serious. I would suggest seeing your GP for further investigation.

The patient with asthma can be managed by long-acting beta2 agonists (LABA), inhalation corticosteroids (ICS), oral steroids, short acting bronchodilators, methylxanthines and leukotriene modifiers. Asthmatic patients are treated with combination of controller drugs and rescue therapy to avoid acute symptoms of asthma. The mainstay treatment for patients with mild-persistent asthma is ICS in combination with LABA. For moderate to severe persistent asthma, the combination therapy includes LABA plus high dose ICS or combination of LABA and long-acting anticholinergic bronchodilators. In severe persistent asthma, a combination therapy of high dose ICS with LABA along with oral steroids is used.

The patient has a type A blood group. Type A red cells have H antigens, and type B red cells have A antigens. If the patient’s serum contains antibodies to type B cells, that means the patient has an anti-B antibody (or IgG antibodies). If the patient is agglutinated with type B cells, then he/she must be producing the anti-B antibody.
The expected ABG findings for this patient include a metabolic acidosis. Type A patients often have low blood pH and low bicarbonate levels (HCO3-). This is because they lack enzymes that help neutralize acid in their body. In addition, type A patients often have high levels of lactic acid (due to decreased oxygen delivery) and ketone bodies (due to increased production of ketones).

Dear Student,

The diagnosis of the patient in the given scenario can be: Acute Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease (GERD).

Acute GERD is characterized by symptoms such as burning sensation in the chest, difficulty in swallowing, belching, bloating and nausea. It occurs due to regurgitation of food and stomach acids from the stomach into the esophagus. It can be triggered by various factors such as eating spicy foods, drinking alcohol, caffeine, peppermint, smoking, obesity and stress.

The assessment of abdominal pain involves:

1. Identifying the possible causes based on a detailed history, including onset and duration, type, location, quality, associated symptoms, past medical history, family history, social history, diet, drug history and drug allergies.
2. Performing a thorough physical examination, including vital signs, abdominal palpation, rectal and pelvic examinations.
3. Ordering relevant laboratory tests, imaging studies and other diagnostic tests as indicated by the patient's history and examination findings.

The primary impression that I got from this case was one of a person who had an intense need for companionship. This woman seemed to crave a relationship so badly, she ignored red flags about her boyfriend’s character and behavior. She was willing to overlook his controlling behaviors and even make excuses for him when he acted out violently. In essence, she felt like her love and companionship could change this man into the person she wanted him to be. Her need for companionship clouded her judgement and eventually led her down a dangerous path.

Answer: Yes, patient has a history of dyspepsia with abdominal pain and nausea. It is a typical symptom of peptic ulcer disease. However the risk factors for this disease are smoking, alcohol intake, NSAID usage, H. Pylori infection and stress. Also, it can be a sign of gastritis, esophagitis or GERD.

Primary Impression: Acute Myocardial Infarction with elevated Troponin and ST-segment changes

The troponin I level of 789 ng/l is highly suggestive of myocardial injury. This would be consistent with a diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction (MI). The ST-segment elevation on the ECG further supports the diagnosis.

Myocardial Infarction: A type of heart disease that occurs when a blockage develops in one of the coronary arteries, preventing oxygen and nutrient-rich blood from reaching a portion of the heart muscle. The most common symptom is chest pain or discomfort known as angina or a heart attack.

Troponin: A protein found in cardiac and skeletal muscle cells that regulates calcium concentration during muscle contraction. Elevated levels of troponin in the blood can be an indicator of damage to these types of muscles, particularly due to ischemic injury or heart failure.