It’s really not that simple. But I can tell you why most people don’t care about it in Golden Kamui.

Golden Kamui is set during WWII, so any criticism of its use of the Imperial Japanese Army and the Rising Sun flag (and other elements) would be anachronistic, since the country was very proud of itself back then. It wouldn’t make sense to criticize a fictional work for historical accuracy when it portrays what actually happened in reality at the time. And that means there are no grounds on which to base criticism.

Demon Slayer is set in an entirely different time period, and since anime and manga are not intended to be strictly historically accurate (at least not as much as live-action film and television), it’s easier for people to criticize its depiction of the Rising Sun flag. It doesn’t matter that the flag has historical significance in Japan; Demon Slayer is set in a fictional world, so there are no grounds on which to base criticism. People just don’t like that the flag is being used in such a way when it has been historically linked with imperialism and oppression. It’s an understandable reaction, even if it isn’t always fair or justified.

Almost every manga has been criticized for its portrayal of WWII, but Golden Kamuy seems to have gotten off easily. It's not a perfect show and it definitely could use some improvement in some areas, but the overall consensus is that it does a good job at depicting the Russo-Japanese war with authenticity. The portrayal of Japanese soldiers is pretty accurate for the most part; they are portrayed as courageous fighters who are willing to die for their country and will stop at nothing to achieve victory. They also show a great deal of resilience in the face of adversity, which makes them quite admirable characters. The portrayal of Russians in Golden Kamuy is also relatively accurate. They are depicted as strong and brave warriors who have a deep love for their country. They are fierce fighters who are not afraid to die for what they believe in. Overall, Golden Kamuy does an excellent job of depicting the Russo-Japanese war with accuracy and authenticity. The portrayal of both sides is fairly accurate and well-balanced, which makes for a very interesting storyline that accurately captures the spirit of the era.