Amatsumagatsuchi: I…don’t know what is happening, but I can see now that Ayumi is pregnant with my child.

Cupa: How do you even know that? Amatsumagatsuchi is an Elder Dragon - I thought only humans and monsters were capable of reproducing…

Amatsumagatsuchi: You are correct, Cupa. Only humans, monsters, and a few other special beings can reproduce. However, with my strange power, I was able to create the first Elder Dragon baby - as well as several others who had come into this world before Ayumi became pregnant with my child. But I don’t know how Ayumi’s pregnancy happened - especially since we have never even met until now.

Blazette: This is weird…I’ve heard of monster babies, but I’ve never seen one in person. So you’re saying that Ayumi is pregnant with an Elder Dragon baby? That’s pretty amazing, don’t you think?

Amatsumagatsuchi: Yes, it is quite incredible - especially since my species isn’t even supposed to be able to reproduce. The fact that I have created several baby dragons through the use of my strange power is truly a miracle. And now, Ayumi has become pregnant with another Elder Dragon child…It still baffles me how this happened. It just goes to show you never know what may happen in this world - even when it seems impossible.

Vanessa: I have to say, Amatsumagatsuchi, you really are an incredible creature. The fact that you can create life, despite not being able to normally reproduce, is truly remarkable. It just goes to show how powerful and unique dragons like you are. You have a special gift that few others possess - the ability to create new life from nothing. Even though we don’t completely understand it, I admire your strength and resilience for bringing about such a miracle in Ayumi’s life.

[AYU]“A storm?” Ayumi exclaimed, watching the dark clouds gather overhead. “This is amazing.” Ayumi looked down at her bulging belly. She could feel the baby moving as if it was saying hello. “Hello, little one,” she said softly. “It looks like it’s time for you to come into this world.”
[AYU]Ayumi breathed deeply and focused on her breathing. She had been through this before with her other children, but this time felt different. This baby was a gift from Amatsumagatsuchi, and Ayumi wanted to make sure she did everything right. As the contractions began in earnest, Ayumi let out a low moan of pain. “It hurts so much,” she cried. “But I know it’s worth it. I’m almost there.” Ayumi took a few deep breaths and pushed through the pain. She felt her baby moving down, getting closer to being born. With each push, Ayumi could feel the baby getting stronger and more ready for this world.
[AYU]Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, Ayumi felt a rush of relief as the baby’s head emerged. She felt a sense of elation as she looked down at her beautiful newborn. Amatsumagatsuchi had sent them the most precious gift: a baby. Ayumi felt tears of joy well up in her eyes as she cradled the little one in her arms. She knew this baby would bring so much love and happiness into their lives, and she couldn’t be more grateful for that.

[CUTSCENE]Ayumi: “I can’t believe this… I mean, Vanessa had just given birth to Amaya not so long ago. And now this?”
Amatsumagatsuchi: “Indeed… this is unexpected. It seems that Arachnus impregnated Vanessa with 20 spider eggs before running off.”
Vanessa: “Arachnus? The spider-human guy I had a one night stand with?”
Ayumi: “Yes, the same. Now you’re carrying his children inside of you…”
Vanessa: “But… why? Why would he do that to me?!”
Amatsumagatsuchi: “He probably saw Vanessa as a valuable host for his children - her body is strong enough to carry 20 spider eggs at once. This wasn’t done out of love, but rather because he saw Vanessa as an instrument for his spider-human children.”
Vanessa: “I… I hate him so much for what he did to me! What if the babies hatch while I’m still inside my mother?!”
Ayumi: “We don’t know yet. The eggs are still quite small, and they can’t hatch until at least 9 months. For now, we have to watch over Vanessa as closely as possible. If she starts feeling any pains or cramps, let me or Amatsumagatsuchi know immediately.”
Vanessa: “Okay… I just hope these eggs won’t cause any problems for me or my baby in the future…”
Ayumi: “We don’t want this to happen either. Let’s see what we can do about them…”

[INV]Vanessa: Mindy, I’ve been feeling really strange lately. Something in my stomach is scurrying around, and when I look down at myself, there are cobwebs everywhere! What’s going on?
Mindy: It seems that the 20 spider-human hybrids you were carrying inside of you have finally hatched. They will be coming out in about a month or so - they all have to fully mature before they can exit your body. But it seems like we’re going to need to do something sooner than a month because there is only a half blood moon that is going to be rising soon, which means the babies won’t be able to come out in time if they wait any longer. We need to try and force a full blood moon - we need to make it happen!
Vanessa: How could we do that? Even the most powerful magicians would struggle to call down a full blood moon like that - I doubt there is anything that could be done.
Mindy: Yes, you’re right. There’s no way to force a full blood moon to occur naturally - not even with the help of magic. But there is one ritual we could try. It has never been attempted before, and it carries a high risk of failure. The ritual requires the sacrifice of 20 young women - 1 for every spider-human hybrid that you are carrying. Each one of these women must be sacrificed as the blood moon rises. If the ritual is successful, then they would each gain the powers of the spider-human hybrids and the full blood moon will finally happen. But there is a chance that this ritual could go terribly wrong - if it fails, then all 20 young women could die in the process. It’s an extremely dangerous ritual, but it may be our only hope to ensure that the spider-human hybrids are able to come out safely.

[STORY]Mindy: “I can’t believe you got pregnant again. I thought that would never happen.”


Vanessa: “It was such a surprise - and it took so long this time around.”


Mindy: “You’re right - the last pregnancy only lasted a few weeks, but this one went on for 5 months. The whole time I was worried that you were going to lose them or something.”


Vanessa: “I know - it was pretty scary. But everything went well in the end.”


Mindy: “Yeah. It’s amazing to see how well they grew out. They look just like their father.”


Vanessa: “Yes, Arachnus definitely left his mark on them. The only problem I have is that they are so hyperactive - but I guess thats natural for spiders. They keep me on my toes the entire day. But despite all of their hyperactivity, they’re extremely cute.”

Vanessa: Oh no… What if it takes too long to get some diamonds? I don’t want my children to stay in there for that long! It would hurt them, and they could also potentially starve if we took too much time. I’ll just have to wait a little longer then…

Mindy: Don’t worry about it! Once I find out where the Twilight Forest dimension is, I’ll get all of the diamonds we need in no time at all. Plus, there are some other plants that can help induce labor as well - I could make a tea from those plants and give them to you to speed things up. That way you don’t have to worry about your babies being stuck in there for too long!