



[INST2]Amatsumagatsuchi’s worried about the situation - what should they do? Ayumi tries to calm him down by telling him that nothing will happen for 9 months, so they have time to think of a solution. Amatsumagatsuchi calms down after hearing this. After some discussion, they decide to hide Vanessa’s pregnancy from the rest of the city, since there are still humans in it. Ayumi then asks if she should go see Vanessa once her eggs start hatching - after all, Vanessa is still one of Ayumi’s friends. Amatsumagatsuchi says that they should wait for more time to pass before deciding what to do about Vanessa. It might take months or even years to figure out a solution. He doesn’t want Ayumi to be in harm’s way if anything happens.[/INST2]





[STORY]Vanessa: This is a lot bigger than I thought it would be…
Mindy: That’s because you made a spider web with enough silk to cover an entire forest. I’m guessing that all the silk your kids are producing helped you out a lot. They really must love their mother, don’t they?
Vanessa: Yes! My babies have always been my greatest supporters - and I have no doubt they will continue to help me out as I give birth. After all, if my children didn’t help me with anything else, why should this be any different? They’ve helped me since they were born, after all…
Inscrane: Twilight Forest Dimension plants are about to bloom! We can finally enter the dimension once again and gather more Diamonds - something we desperately need. I would have gone there myself, but my master wants someone else to go with him.
Vanessa: So you’re saying that if I agree to accompany your master into the Twilight Forest, I could get ahold of these magical plants?
Inscrane: Yes! It will be dangerous, though - and I won’t lie about that. There are many creatures in the forest that can hurt you if they feel threatened, but if you can survive long enough, it will be worth it. Those plants have incredible healing properties that could help us out a great deal…
Vanessa: So long as I can bring my children with me - and they won’t get harmed - I would be willing to take this risk. After all, if the alternative means suffering through contractions for hours on end, what do I have to lose? My kids have always been there for me when I needed them most, so I owe it to them to be brave…
[STORY END]