This was an assignment for my first writing class.  I had to write a detailed story of a scene in Half-Life 2.  This is based on the original game, not Episode One or Two.  The goal of this assignment was to put ourselves in our characters shoes and really feel what they would feel during a stressful situation.

It’s 2002.  I’ve just finished my freshman year at Ohio State University.  My friends have all gone back home for the summer, so it is a relatively quiet time.  I have my PS2 and a copy of Half-Life 2 that I’m going to play over the summer.  It was released on November 16, 2004, so I’ve only had the game for about four months.

I start up the game after dinner.  I’m playing Gordon Freeman, a scientist at Black Mesa Research Facility.  My job is to survive and make it to the end of the game.  It doesn’t sound very challenging at first, but you quickly learn that this isn’t your typical video game.

The game starts with an intro cutscene that shows Gordon being chased by a horde of Combine soldiers.  He manages to escape and finds himself in an underground metro station.  The metro station is full of zombies and aliens, but Gordon makes his way through them and finally escapes.

The game then switches to the first-person perspective and you see that Gordon is now in a small room with no weapons or equipment.  You are tasked with exploring the room and finding a way out.  The first thing I do is inspect the walls, looking for any possible openings.  I find a vent on one wall, but it is too small for me to fit through.

I then notice a door in the corner of the room.  There is no handle or lock, so I try pushing and pulling it.  The door opens easily and reveals a hallway with more zombies and aliens inside.  I quickly run down the hall, avoiding any enemies that get in my way.  At the end of the hall there are some stairs leading up to another room.  I climb them and find myself in an even bigger room full of zombies and aliens.

I know I have to get out of this place as soon as possible, so I start running towards what I hope is an exit.  There are lots of obstacles in my way, including zombies and Combine soldiers that try to shoot me with their guns.  I eventually make it through the room and find myself outside on a city street.

I turn around and see a group of Combine soldiers running towards me.  I quickly start sprinting away from them as they begin shooting at me.  After running for what feels like forever, I finally reach an alleyway where there are no enemies in sight.  I take a few moments to catch my breath before continuing on my way.

The next area of the game is a subway station filled with zombies and aliens.  There are also some Combine soldiers patrolling around, so I have to be extra careful not to get spotted by them.  As I make my way through this dark and creepy place, I come across some ammo for my shotgun.  This gives me the confidence I need to continue fighting off all the enemies that stand in my way.

After what seems like an eternity, I finally reach the end of the subway station and find myself outside again.  The fresh air feels so good after spending so much time inside the dark subway tunnels.  As I look around, I notice a group of Combine soldiers coming towards me.  It’s now or never, so I pull out my shotgun and start blasting away at them.  With each shot, they fall back further and further until eventually all but one is dead.

The last one seems almost invincible as he keeps firing his gun at me while dodging my shots.  Just when it looks like he might get the better of me, I manage to land a lucky shot that takes him down for good.  With the enemy finally defeated, I can now breathe a sigh of relief and know that my survival was not in vain.