Achieving sustainable energy and environmental goals requires new methods to convert waste gases, such as CO2, into useful fuels. Electrochemical conversion of carbon dioxide to fuel is an attractive method that has garnered significant research attention over the past few decades. However, despite extensive efforts, it remains challenging to find materials with suitable properties for electrochemical carbon dioxide reduction (CO2RR). Graphene-based two-dimensional (2D) materials have attracted substantial interest as catalysts because of their superior electronic structure and large surface area. Recently, graphene was found to be active for the CO2RR reaction due to its unique structure. However, the low conductivity of pristine graphene limits the efficiency of this reaction.

We developed a new approach to enhance the conductivity of graphene-based materials by creating active sites through controlled oxidation during synthesis. The resulting material exhibited significantly improved conductivity, enabling it to support a high rate of CO2RR. The combination of enhanced electrical conductivity and active catalytic sites in this graphene-based catalyst resulted in highly efficient CO2RR with an overpotential as low as 90 mV at a current density of -1.0 mA/cm^{2}. Furthermore, the stability of this material was tested for more than 30 hours without significant degradation.

Michael D. Crommie, University of California at Berkeley, Department of Physics, and Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Materials Sciences Division, United States;
Davood Jafari-Sihaghdoush, University of California at Berkeley, Department of Chemical Engineering, United States;
Anthony P. Heaney, University of California at Berkeley, Department of Materials Science and Engineering, United States;
Kristin A. Persson, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Earth Sciences Division, United States;
Stephen J. Pennycook, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Molecular Foundry, United States;
Alan L. Poon, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Materials Sciences Division, and Department of Materials Science and Engineering, University of California at Berkeley, United States;
Gabriela C. Schlau-Cohen, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Molecular Foundry, and Department of Materials Science and Engineering, University of California at Berkeley, United States;
Daniel B. Snyder, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Materials Sciences Division, and Department of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering, University of California at Berkeley, United States;
Gregory V. Yushin, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Molecular Foundry, and Department of Chemistry, University of California at Berkeley, United States.

Abstract: Two-dimensional transition metal carbides (MXenes) exhibit excellent conductivity, stability and high catalytic activity. However, their thickness and structure need to be precisely controlled in order to improve the performance of MXenes as catalysts for CO2 reduction. Here, we develop a solution-based approach that enables us to synthesize MXenes with well-defined thicknesses and structures by controlling the number of layers. This method allows us to control the interlayer spacing (d-spacings) of MXene nanosheets from 0.46 nm for a single layer, to 1.23 nm for three layers and up to 2.46 nm for six layers. The thicknesses and structures are verified by using transmission electron microscopy (TEM) measurements. Furthermore, the structural properties of MXenes have a significant influence on their electrochemical activity for CO2 reduction. In particular, three-layer Ti3C2T x MXene exhibits much higher catalytic efficiency than bulk and single-layer Ti3C2T x , with a faradaic yield as high as 54% at –0.7 V vs. RHE (reversible hydrogen electrode). Our results indicate that the structural features of MXenes have a strong impact on their catalytic performance in CO2 reduction reactions, thus providing new insight into the design of MXene-based electrocatalysts for this important reaction.

CO_{2} reduction reaction (CO_{2}RR) to generate fuels and fine chemicals is an essential process for solving the climate change problem, which has attracted intense attention. In particular, the electrochemical CO_{2} reduction has been developed rapidly over the last decade. Nanosheets are of great potential for electrolyte design in CO_{2}RR owing to their high surface area and excellent electrical conductivity. This article reviews recent progress in engineering strategies to tailor nanosheet materials with various morphologies, structures and compositions as CO_{2}-absorbents for enhancing the electrocatalytic activity in CO_{2}RR. The results show that the rational design of nanosheets could improve their catalytic performance by manipulating the structure/composition to increase the CO_{2} uptake efficiency and accelerating the electron transfer process.

## Top-down approaches for nanosheets

As mentioned above, the use of chemical vapor deposition (CVD) is now quite standard in the fabrication of graphene sheets. However, the CVD technique has some limitations as well. For example, it requires a high temperature and is not applicable to large-scale production. For this reason, a number of top-down approaches have been explored for the fabrication of nanosheet materials.

Top-down methods for fabricating nanosheets include mechanical exfoliation, liquid phase exfoliation, and chemical exfoliation. Mechanical exfoliation involves using tape or scotch to peel off individual layers of material, such as graphene from graphite. This method is simple and effective, but can be time-consuming. Liquid phase exfoliation uses ultrasonication in a liquid solvent to break up the bulk material into nanosheet form. Chemical exfoliation involves treating the bulk material with chemicals that cause it to separate into smaller pieces.