What do you think?

I live in a country where for 1-2 legally released anime titles there are 8-10 illegally released titles in fan dubbing, plus these same 1-2 legally released titles are translated by fans. We honor the fandubs, especially if fandubbers translate more accurately than in licensed translation.

There are a few options:
1) Use a VPN service. If you don’t want to spend any money, the most popular free VPN service is Hola. It has a browser extension and also apps for Android and iOS devices. There are some security concerns about it, but the way to use it is quite simple: just turn on the VPN, connect to a server in a country where the anime you want to watch is available and enjoy streaming.
2) Use proxy services. One of the most popular free proxy service is Hide.me. There are some restrictions when using their free service – for example, no streaming allowed. But it can be quite useful if you need to access geo-blocked content.
3) Use paid VPN or proxy services. These are much safer and faster than the free ones. Some of the best paid VPN services include NordVPN, ExpressVPN and CyberGhost. The most popular paid proxy service is VeePN.



## The first day of the event was full of the most diverse emotions for me: the most wonderful feeling, the feeling of being part of something big and important, the feeling of meeting new people with similar views and interests.

But on the second day there was a bad incident. Two guys tried to attack our rally with smoke bombs and fireworks (which they managed to bring inside). Fortunately, nobody got hurt and everything turned out well in the end. However, the situation got even worse when several participants of the rally started an argument. The organizers asked us to stay on the bus and wait until the police arrived. When we were leaving the place of incident, we saw a policeman arresting one guy who was wearing a “To Your Eternity” t-shirt. This moment broke my heart because I didn’t expect this to happen in such a peaceful gathering of fans. It is very sad that some people can spoil the atmosphere with their actions and make others feel unsafe and uncomfortable.

In early March 2019, a campaign was launched on social networks to demand that Crunchyroll add the anime To Your Eternity to its streaming service. A large number of messages were sent by fans to the official Twitter account and YouTube channel of the company. In response, the representative of Crunchyroll said that allegedly the participants of this campaign were actually bots. However, several months later, Crunchyroll still did not add To Your Eternity to its streaming service.