"Hi guys!" Natsuki said as she entered the clubroom. "What're you doing here?"

Sayori and Monika were sitting at one table, while Yuri was alone at another. The three of them looked up to see Natsuki enter the room.

"Oh hey Natsuki!" Sayori smiled back. "I just came here to study with Monika." She then poked her stomach. "And I also needed some rest, since I'm so pregnant right now."

Monika sighed softly as she looked up at Natsuki. She then gently rubbed Sayori's belly with her hand.

"She's almost due." Monika said. "Her babies will be here within the next couple of months."

Sayori nodded. "Yeah, I'm already getting so big." she replied. "It's very hard to walk around school anymore." She then got up and began walking towards the door, and Yuri got up as well.

"I think we'll be leaving now too." Yuri said. "We both have classes later tonight."

"Okay guys!" Natsuki exclaimed excitedly. "It was great seeing you all again. I'd like to say that you should all stay safe out there, but I know better than anyone else that things are dangerous for us right now. But at the very least, please try your hardest to be careful."

Sayori nodded solemnly as she walked towards Natsuki and hugged her. Yuri did the same thing, and Monika did the same with her two arms wrapped around Sayori. The four of them held their hug for a few seconds before letting go again.

"We will." Sayori said. "And I'm glad you all came here today, especially since it was your first time visiting us in the clubroom." She then looked up at Natsuki with her red eyes filled with tears of joy. "It really means a lot to me that you would take the time out of your day just to spend some quality time with us. I can tell how much you love and care for us, so thank you so much from the bottom of my heart."

Natsuki smiled and gave Sayori another hug. "Of course, I'm happy to be here." she said. "You all are a part of my life now, and I feel so blessed that we've become such great friends together." She then looked over at Monika and Yuri with her wings outstretched behind them. "I know it can be hard sometimes, but just remember that you have someone to always love and care for you guys - no matter what happens."