You could fail each one of your classes, but still pass them all. A grade of D or higher is considered a passing grade in college. If you fail a class, that means you will have to take it again and do much better. It could be difficult if you have to retake the class because you would need to spend even more time studying than before.

Having not played for about a month (due to work) I returned to find that I was unable to log into the server, this is due to my account being banned. I am very disappointed and saddened by this as I thought I had made progress in the game. The reason given for my ban is: "Kiting" I'm not sure what this means but it is a new term for me. I would really appreciate if someone could help explain to me what I did that was considered kiting and how I should have dealt with the situation differently so that I can improve in the future.

I always found this word to be quite confusing since there are two meanings for it:
- A feeling of displeasure that comes from being unable to do what you want or from being treated unfairly.
- An attempt to conceal or disguise something unpleasant, unattractive, or embarrassing.

So now I have the question. When is the correct time to use cover-up? Is it used to conceal our imperfections (skin tone, scars, blemishes) or a feeling of displeasure from being treated unfairly?

I got a 4 on my ap english lang and lit. I really wanted a 5, but I guess I’m not too sad about the result because it was pretty expected, considering the amount of work I put in (read: none) during the semester. That being said, I think I learned quite a bit from taking the class, which is always good.

But, my biggest problem is that I had absolutely no time to study for this test! It’s not like I was really looking forward to it at all either (the test itself was really tedious), but I know I could have done so much better if I had more time to prepare. It makes me kind of depressed and frustrated. There are plenty of things that I do in my free time, so I can’t help but think that I could have spent some of that time preparing for this test.

I also got a 5 on my math analysis (AP calc AB), which I am super proud of. That was definitely one of the more difficult tests to take because of its level of rigor, so I’m really happy with how I did. This makes me even more confident in my ability to do well at a place like MIT, where STEM courses are quite challenging.

The first sentence is incorrect because “perfect” should be “perfectly.” The second sentence is correct. The phrase “to perfect one’s English grammar” means to make one’s English grammar flawless and free of errors. It indicates that one has made great progress in mastering the rules of English grammar. In this example, the phrase “perfected your English grammar” is used to describe the student’s achievement of having achieved a high level of understanding and control of English grammar.